#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/xybsni9y3qD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [001] Channel I
http://?PVFYZVRWak1NbEdlbXRHV29KWE5uWlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UkhXVlJFYUNCVFN3bzFhcDlVVDBVamNKcDJaMFkxTFhKbGV4Z25WeHcwWjRSMFlaRjJUdm9YYktObVZxTlVlYWRFWjQwMGQwQlZRcTkyTVN4R1ZDdFdPTHRrYnA5aVZVbFVTblZuYzFzU1dtcEhieEZHWmhKWGJDbGtScUZETjV0bWVXdFVTVlYzVjBRVmJRUmxhMWdsZU5abmU0WjNhTnhHT3NOM1NSVmtXQ0ZXYXpsa2VqSmpZNlJrTUxSWFJtcG5VcWgzTHhGVGVqWmpkdVZIT3RGWGVZTlhRMmQyYTA4eUx3a1hkU0psVWlkbVp2SmplbWxqUTJnblZ3aFhWNGxIYXY1R1pxOWlZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/IhHZaZ5dVqH.png" group-title="DISH TV", [002] NTV
http://?PT1BYTVOVk55d1VhNVoyYVlobWMxc21OeG8wWjJFSGJ3cEhkU1YyUXdGMGRoQjNUem9uUTBvV2FhbDBkaDVHUnI5V055WnpiR2hrTnlobVRxTm5VVjVXZUNsaldZZFRlNVowS3RoVE56UTNSUXRtU1dka2VQdHlSNmRrUjY5V2J4bEZSMlJIUzJjMVkwaERidDVtZFJCMWMxTlZlMmNVU01GbmQyQTFRUFIwYU5kalVKbEdUd0pEY09SVk9rcDJOdmtXU3ZFRWNCOUNXcXhFUjZkR2FzVjJTVGhITkxOVmJuRmtkclozVFJkWFV2MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/yvvEywo6J8F.png" group-title="DISH TV", [003] RTV
http://?PT1nYjVOVk55d1VhNFoyYVlobWMxMG1OeG8wWjJFWGV3cEhkWFptYXNOVk15bDJVbWRuTllOamRHVldlem9IYkJsSFI0SmxlMGdFZXFCM1YwSmtZMUVGY2xoVlp3NUdUelIxS3hFbFNKZDJNeGdXWUxSV2NxbG5kQ05EU3N4MFRKVnpTc0pYTzFCSFRHZDFad2tWUzFvVlQ2SjNRa2wzVnIwV1UwYzNLUk5qYjV3R05IMTJNMUpXZTZoVU8wWm5TdmdsVDFvR2NtZHpUUzltVXpwRmJPNW1STlIzWW9wVVZSVmxjMVZsVndkVlFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/vDXLuLBXf6J.png" group-title="DISH TV", [004] MY TV
http://?MGwzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWamIyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwbFZPQjFXY0JOVlRRbEhhTGxUTjNObk15aEhjM1FsV1M1R09QQjNjWkprZTJaRmFMaFVPdTVtTlI5V1NZMUdlR1JEV0RsRmFVRmtXR2gyUnZ0R2FTaEdOb2RtWm90a1VpOVdiTUJGTUtsVU15WkdjVmhUVjRnSGN4OGtiMWtqZDVvVlRVZFZhNDUwU2t0Q1pLcFhieDgyS29sRGQxMTBhV1ZVTXZCVFpHeGtTSHBXV1A5a1JyY1ZlTmgzUzA5Mk11TjFNdjRHTXFWM2JrTlRUSGgxYjFnRFd3MTJUNWxVWW45VWR1bEhVTlZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/raiZvB8y1Nv.png" group-title="DISH TV", [005] Bangla Vision
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbFdhbXRHV29KWE4zWlRNS2RtTnhkSGM2UlhXM1JHZDA0MGRvbFhaMGRGTmFKM1F3aFhNQ1p6TFlabGJTTm1TcnBrVjU5Q09UZGtkM04zUUxaR2N4VTNiYXBYT21WMlVwaERTckUwU3poWFlzQlZkNWdYYW9oVE5aWkZWM2xEYVlSelF4ZzNNaDEyTk45eWN2ZFZONjFHVW41V1pzdDJjMmcyUjFNMVN4OFdjVlZXVFNkVlJvWkdSeXBuVUxobVVIbFdPaHBIZDVza2VTbERXbkpsV1RKalE1d21jdm9IUkhaamFKTjJWdUJYV3dWMGN2QkZWcjBHZE10V1lGUkVheEJ6YTZkbWE2QkRjSkJsYjJKM1ZVWldXS1ZrYkMxVWQwMDJL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ZCqILa0u7vD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [006] ATN Bangla
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbEdlbXRHV29KWE4zWlRNS2RtTngxR2M2Um5aU1ptZHBoMWR4NVdPeHRpTWhSSGV2bDNNYVJXWXhOVGV4WmpSNWhWT3VCWFFHUm1ZcDFXY2xWemI1SkZhVnRTYXlwMGRyUjJZWWhEVDJRSE5UUkZNMG9VY3dZamE1TkhWejlVTW1aRE1MQm5hUlpWVXlNa2FoTlRlRU5XTnd4a2R5TTBjUFZYYllOVGRIaEVheVVHZU5sVlMzSm5Ud3N5UXRwSFRsdDJWVkJGY3NaM01CQmxVczlTVzRNWGNrbFhPdmNXZGg5V2NsQkhlTEJUV3BkR2VhdDJLQ1ZIYnlzU1M0STNhbGx6ZGtsa1F2Qm5ZVVJYYzI1V09sZFhUSzVFY0twRmJHSkhV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="DISH TV", [007] Sangsad TV
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE4xWlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2UlhXUHRXYzVjMlpqWldWNGQyS3dNWGVObFdRRnhVY0VOSGJySTNVeGxsVm5kRE1JSlVZNGsyVkhCak5MSkdkblJFWnhnRGJwVkhUNElXVllSWFk0QUZUVnBWY1o5R01pSjFTclIzSzVsRWNKNVdkeVVHTUpkemRvZEZNaTlXZHhoRk5ZaEdNNVUzTFd0V1VUTjJkMGRuZTRRbGNuMUdSUEZrUXFWWE82TjJkVHAyWlFKVE9ITmtNdFZsTXFORE16NDJZMVZ6S0Q5R2JQNWtZa3BYUXQ1RU1JSjJLMUVYUjZsMWFTSkhjMGwwY0xCVGMzVlZPbk5YVzI4bVQ1TlZTRVpWYmlGVFoxcEdU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ipgVRU2qhw3.png" group-title="DISH TV", [008] Somoy TV
http://?emwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUY3pCbmUwbDFUcmRXT25kMlltVmxhbnRDTXpsWFQwRlVSTUZIUnpkV09vdEdTcHBrZUxoVFlNbEVWcnhXVmpORlJGMTJRM0FUWnZVMVpybFRhTGhETXpwWGNIZEVOMkJuTUhSRloxRm5jelJGTUpOSFU2TldVTEpuYXB0bWFuZFdjQkZuZXpZMFlabFVOc1pWVEh4RWJGRlhONGhtTmlKbWQwb2tTdjlHWnFwMkxzbDNRUmgzVXJoWFJ5WUhlMHhHVmxwblUybEZkdWgxYmFOM1JRaFZOVDlpZHJoek1POVVNcVJYYU5WWE5FRm5ZdmdUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Dh0neKDKLrs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [009] Channel 24
http://?PVlYZVRWak1NbDJhbXRHV29KWE54WlRNS2RtTnhSSGM2UlhaM1VUZFVsVmF6Y1djcWxVTXd3RVU2dDJMUWhIT1FaMGMycG5RdUpWWjJCSFNTWjJhTmxIZXZOalYwRlRhUXRHVFNoVVpwWm5Xc2xFY0JKSGQ0RVZOclpuYjQ4U1pEWkhXejVVZXpzU1JhZEdTNGtYZGlKVmUwQkZXeHBrZXJOVlpRVjNhdUpuUzNsbGN3VWxkT2htZXpWa1JxRkRXS3RtTktGM1FrZDJMMXhXYjBzU1F6aERPM3RHTkNsa1F3WjNaeVlIUlBGMmNONWtjTEZuTjZSV1J1SkdjTjltZWhSSE9QaFRhVEJYV1RKM1I1TjFMTlpEZUxOM1NrRkRVQ3QwY3J0V2NOVlRP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Z644RVrdngp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [010] News 24 HD
http://?PVVYZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE52WlRNS2RtTnhWSGM2UjNVT1ZUZVVwR1JyUjBUc2QzTlloM1pvdEdlbVZUWUlaMWJYQm5ZNXBHVHI5eVU1UW1NbmQyUXhaVlJXNTJaa1JYWkxoV01ySlZjcDlTUWlwMlZ0VmpUcFJGYlZkWE9xTldOb0pFV1ZSRFZYbFdWQ3QwU3hSVWJ3bEVTWFpuY29GalYwWnpOb0ZuYXFOMFRNUjBaV05YYTJ4bVlwcDBSNmh6WlZkbWIwSW5icFozYnlVWFFMbHpWc2hVVHNCSE9USjNWaFpYWVZaM2FJRkhSeWgwYjJ4VVMzSVVkeDltYjRkVk12RjNiSFZrV3g0a1FwRm5SUjltUVZwbWJYQkhNUUpqZHBsVE5NaDBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/639iTnh90UR.png" group-title="DISH TV", [011] Independent TV
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbG1hbXRHV29KWE41WlRNS2RtTnhaSGM2UjNWVU5sYWw5bVRMRlZZNVYzZDJJWGJhRlhlM1ZEV0RKVWVyZ2tWUHhHUm5ORE9rVmpaV1YzU1JsMFFCZHpiTDFXVXNCRmMxbEdjRVJsZXI5R1dONVdkc1IwY3ZGall5UVVjdzVrVXRsSFNMQkhTU2xHYTZKRmJSaEZiWFJ6WXU5U1Q0VnpkU1IzS1E5MFVTOVdjMXRXVHpkbVdzbG1XdEpXWmtKbmMzUnpWdnMwYkNGblF6RlZkekZXUnZjbVRwdFdOdmNYZEw1V2NHRlRNSFZqYm9SbmNXOW1WRlZuYXhKbld1bERkTlZET01oMVZ5bFRXbFZUT0xKM1NKcG1iVFpWZHVSMVlxaGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/1Y2Slm56uJ8.png" group-title="DISH TV", [012] Ekattor TV
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbDJhbXRHV29KWE5wWlRNS2RtTnhWSGM2UkhaNHhXY3gwMEwxa25RMFJHZDJSVWVCdFdhMmNWYnFobGRhQkRUSDFrTXdobVc2bGtkblpuVDVJVFRrQnpaM2hHYnU5MFV0Sm1Nd1ZsTmtoV1Q2SkdNdWRGYklOa2RaUkdUMkpHYzZwMk14ZzJTRlJuTXprVGNtWmxib0ZUT3hGMmNtUjFaUXBYUXpwSE56eFdhNDhHYklWalJvdEVPU0ozVnJRWFZIMTJSeHBIYkNKbE5hdG1jdkZEZDNWRVdyWkhjVXAyU3BaMGNLZERSeGhuUTFCbE1YMTBWNmRuUnNkRmRUeFdjWTFVWlRkM055QjFLNlJFUjBrMlUyY1dPQnRDZUt0MmJ5ZGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Mq2jeWV007t.png" group-title="DISH TV", [013] Bongo Movies
http://?PU1YZVRWak1NbFdlbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2UlhXM1JXYzA0MGRvbFhaeWRGTmFKM1F3bFhNQ1p6TFlaVmJVOTJOMkV6UnNWMWQ0SjFTMmQyTW1OM1lTUmpjakpVUlJwVVV0SlhPSU5WTUNkR1RDWm1VeHNrZElSamJQQm5ZcVpWTzBZR080RW5RenAwVG1KMVpuMUVjaEJsZW5CVFNHdGlXaTkyUUxOM1FxRlhjVEZsUk1SVFJ6bEVaUmR6WVJSWGVSOVdiamxYY1RoalZXUldhMEZIT3QxR1dZdG1XU3htU3JKbWRJWkZSWVYxTnR4VVdqMVVOME5YYkNsSFdQbFVhT3hrVjVka1dwTkRhRGxuVVVOM1VKNUdPSEpWYTBVVlZNSjFi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/20mgRCbFLz5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [014] Boishakhi TV
http://?dGwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwbDFka2hHTk9kSGE1VjJhWFJqV3lORWNvRmpRMjhDV1c1bVUzWmtUM1lWY3lkemFpRkdiNlpFUjBSR1dvbEhidmwzS2h0R2FqMTJVVHBrVnlKM0xuaFdlck5IVm85MmI0UTNiRFZYWnc1a1o1ZG5kalJuTXI5bVN6NVdTckVrYnlBRk0wRW1VbkpsY0dKWGJVVjNRVTFtVzJwbmNxZDFkNU5GYjRabGVEUnpUd1luZTJnVE5XcEZlUFZVUnlkVmIydEdaRFpuY0RKbmJ4Rm5kUE4zWkpGalRZUnpWbnRHZUtSbloyVkhjcmxtTTBJa2FFQkZXVnBYUnNObllJMUVkTEZuTXhSbVFLbDNiMlVuY3hja2RzZGxUM2R6UzVzbWMxcEVidlprY3dKMUwzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/DJcpP2t4Mdp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [015] ATN Islamic TV
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbEdkbXRHV29KWE5wWlRNS2RtTnhkSGM2Um5aU1pHZHBoMWR4NVdPdnRpTWhSSGV2NTJNYVJXWXhOVGV4NTBjVk5YYnpkRFNMRmtOTzFtTUw1VVROTldiNVZrUW1KRFpzSlZVd00yYXJnR1V4RUhWcXBGYnpKR1UxSWxVd2htYUZ4VU9FZFhPWmhUYks1R2FreG1VR2hXZTBoWE5rVjNaM2xXTjJSVWI1RTNjRGhUVnBaak54bHpiV0owUlU5R1JycEdad3RpYllsRVNYNVVaMGxGTkJsbFpya0dWTU5FWjVwVmN2VlRhd2xXVXk1bVdIUjBhdm9IZXpCblVRVnpkUzlTZDVNMU11SmpSU1JHZEpSSFJqRlZXblZEZTE4a2NVSlVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/um9o21i3T1E.png" group-title="DISH TV", [016] Gaan Bangla TV
http://?PVVYZVRWak1NbEdibXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTngxR2M2UkhWU1JuYWlaRFZaRjJWcWhXU3ZaWFZ6OW1WSHBsTlp0MmJ2UmxkSWQxU3RWelNGdEVaMDRHZHpKVVFYeFdhdkkwYWhkSFZvVnpSR04wTHRKSFV5aHpaWUpGYnFkR2FwRm5kbzFtVzF3RVp2cEhNM0UzUUdsbmN6UnpWVHgyU3hkMWFCbEhNbWwzTExselJaaG5hRUpsYU9GVWJxZFRPdUZYVVg1bWFXTkRUdFZtYndWVVNhZDNZc3BVU0xKMGFGUlhjbVJGV3BOemN3TlRlRU5GTXFka2VaOVVPa2xtVTVkRlNZaDFaSEZuTnhZM1pxNVdhM0ZqWWg1R09XOVVNU3AzYWtkWGU0UVZa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/6GxyIRO4P74.png" group-title="DISH TV", [017] DBC News
http://?PVVYZVRWak1NbDJabXRHV29KWE5zWlRNS2RtTnhkR2M2UlhWWmxXY3RsbE5GWkZOeUZHVHFCMVUyQTNUNUkyTkhKbGNIbFVTSkZHU3labld3OTJTa04zYXFKR1ZRbERiU1YxTkNaa1c1RkVkc2xEZHZjWFdvRkhTaGRtYXlrWFRReG1NdmxFVlpsRGFySVhjMjEwS25GbGJpRjNMbHBIWnBsR2Q0OUVPeXgyWndnV1c0UUZkWmhEZEZKVWR6QmpNTWhtUTMwR2FzaERlS1YwY0JWMVRzaFdRMmxtU0lKV05HTlhVekVWUmlOWGRJQm5XTUZIUzM1a2NOUnpaMGgyWmFKbFVUWldlNkZtVHVsVWV0SmxaR3hrYjFRSGROTjNNdGRXY3k1a1FNWmtl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/H86bSTqPN6O.png" group-title="DISH TV", [018] ATN Music TV
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwWm1VbVJYYVlkWGN1bHpicklUWTBoM2J1TmpXa0ZXY3pnR2N5eFdOc3BFYm5kVlRHNVdTMVowY0NkMmFyb0hiNWtVYVJObmUxVVRUM0lXTXZKamVrWlZPSVYzWnljak5oUjNhdHRFZVV0R1dxaERUYUoyUXFwV1UxOFNRSkJqZXFSekwwTlVScEYySzNoSE1TVm5ldzBHV3lSM2IzVmxUcU5HWnVSVk5WZG5XcXBuYjRnVFNucFhlVTFrU0c5RWVzdFVVMmNFYklsWFRuTm5NMkJsZGp0V2F3bzJTemxqU0JKbld2SW5UdGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/hw62kGT7ZqJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [019] SATV
http://?eGwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwRjJhaUozWTZGM2RMcDBaMGhXVDFVMFMwTm5jaUJqYzE5bVV6cDNVRmhXY2xwM1ZEVjFkb3BWVkhoblltNW1OMGdsY1dCMWF5RVRSelpVTnJSV1l5b0ZORzVtVFN4VWJ1WkVleFZIYnIwa2NvUm5jWWxGVDRFblNsQkRibHBrYmo5eWFMWkdkb2xqWXUxV1FhUm5UTDFFZXpnemJ3WW1ZTWgyWXVabGRUaGtlMkkzVTJoM040UURiUmxWWnhvRWJzbFVPbHBGTlQ5MmJ4QjNNUkZqZG0xa2QwaFhac3AzTjBSMlp0QjNLaGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2c08GCMcP3z.png" group-title="DISH TV", [020] ATN News
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwWm5acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwWm1VbTVXYVlkWGN1bFRicklUWTBoM2IxTmpXa0ZXY3pBM2JoWlRPRGRYY2FkMlREeDBRelJGV3dvWFV4czJTSDlXVm5sV2JSWlVTMTQwTHZaMUxEaFVSeTRtV29WVFFRZFRia3BHUlVGVk8xTmpXMHBIVTRaWE1HZEdWVHBGZFloRFJyWTFhcE5FV3JaV1VGVjNTd056UXlVSGRPZEdWVVZuZXo5V00wTUhSWWhHY2toSFVGcGxleVJtYlk5R1dvQnpRVlZFZHl4V014bHpMUFptYkMxa1YzZHpibkYzUXExV1kzODJTV0ZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="DISH TV", [021] Ananda TV
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwSjFLMU1YWVZKVllqZDJhTzEwYnU1VVYxcDNMeFYxWTZkM1JZaEhkcjUwYjRaWFRtRlVldUptVnBKRFV4eEdlaVpUVVhSRmFGZGpWM3gyYXd4VU5ydzBOMEVIVDBJVlptZDNjVnQyWUVwMlp4OTJkbU5sVTFoM1RxZFhiUlZGZVFOVFVaWlhPcDVtZHJkVVp5ZG1WSE5rV3Jja2V5UkZiakYxVTNsVVVUOTBjeDQyYkxOV2RQaEVkTXBsUXlNMk16OVdOejhFV3lzMmNKbFhUWmxtYVRoRFJ3QlRhcjlpTTRkamM2dFdXNVJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/j6nIdklOX39.png" group-title="DISH TV", [024] Zee Bangla
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnhSSGM2Um5WSXRTYTRSalRZdFdRdWxVVzVOVVV0ZG5SS3BVVzNna2V0WjJjQzkwTXNoR1J0Wm5leGtYVXpCbk01a0ZkSFJXYkdwVWRwVkZSeVJqY3BkWFJ1MUdOdUJqYzJKM1VtVkRjNGhETU9SWGNXbG1NNGdtWjRRRGF5WVhNemtWZXpaMFNObDFVWnhtYUxkbFd2b1hhWWQyTWl0aVE2NTBLeGtGV1RaSGNaRmtWc2hYYUlSVWExUTFSeVpUZUMxMFoyRUhjaGxUVEs5U2NKMTBLbGh6VjZGbk0xVVdlNTFtTVpwME0wb2thT3BHYXFOWE0ybFVSU1JYUTZOSGJUbEhUd1l6Y25sM1J5aFdV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/62pJAoY3kCM.png" group-title="DISH TV", [026] Sony AATH
http://?ckpWUWxOR01ydEdUaUptV1paWGEwNUdOR0JuTnNOamUzbGxOaTVXT3p3VVQyQVZkMFFsTnRCSGEwaDFTRkZGZVJCM05YZGxlRVZHY1BKMkx1RjBhdmhYVWo1MFNGSlhNMzl5ZGo1R2JMaDFZU0JqYjJkV1lVMUVNSmhuWUdsMVN4cEdhQ0ZIZFY1VVR6UjJWTkowY1lSSFNYUlVWRGxGZHFwbVR0TldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/star-jalsha-black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [030] Star jalsha
http://?PT1nYVBCalNrRmpiM0ZHTURsWGJTQkhiMEFYWXdZVWJ5QmxOM1lFVnNwWGRKSnpadTlXTmhaMmJISkdidFJHV0JkbmF5SkdaMmcxYWExMlVxSm5NR2hWYjJsR2RXUkRXbmRIVloxRWR6MDJUNE0yYTJWRWROeDJhUlpFWnVsbVJNZDJSb2xIYTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925918368s.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [031] Jalsha Movies
http://?PT1nYVBCalNrRmpiNkZHTURsWGJTdEdiMEFYWXdZRWR5QmxOM1lFVjNwWGRKSnpadWhXTmhaMmJISm1ldFJHV0JkbmFySkdaMmcxYWF0MlVxSm5NR2hGZDJsR2RXUkRXMmRIVloxa2R4RTNWUDkyYk1GamFvMTBUTlZGVndsWFptOUVTemwyVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.deepto.tv/sites/default/files/deepto_tv_logo%20Edit.png" group-title="DISH TV", [034] Deepto TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.duronto.tv/global/admin/images/setting/logo2.png" group-title="DISH TV", [035] Duronto TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/Colors_Bangla_HD_TV_black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [037] Colors Bangla
http://?bmwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWemIyRWpTblpUY3RCbmUwTm1hVVYzYU5WM1pZQjFiV0ZqZFFCblZzWmtkMVFFVnhFWFZwQm5lUVoyWkJKMFpRbFVjNHgwTjM5bVpvaEdNMmgxVHp0eVpOTmxkenhrVjRGR01VZG5ZckFYYWhObFVyRlRlMXdtV0lobE54bDJjd1VtTkI5bWMyUTNiRkpIZHBsVmQzRTBicWRtWWtSMWM1aG5NM1FXTjNSWGNJTm5Xc2hGYXFORk5SZG5WSHBuV3dJelFNbG1lSk5EVWgxV000ZFVhMkpuWVNoSGRHVlhlYVIzYjFoa2I1WWxUelYzTTB3VVVocDNiRWREYnMxV2J5WVRNT1JGTjJselVpRmtkVlZYVUxwbVR3OWtiWVZIVDI4U1d2VmtNaWhuWVcxMmE0Rm5TNGh6YTJCRFJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8bOOXkJ1cLJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [044] BBC World
http://?MWwzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWVGMyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwTm1XVXRtUXpCbFk0WTFhNWxrUTFnRlZyZGtTcDlrU1NOM2RaSkVPdDkyYzJKRU5VcFhkcFJuUzBWallHcEhkVU5IVG5KWGJ6cEdSUlIwVDYxMGIyOENhSXBYU3hjVFVuZDNaajVHTjNRR082VjNTSkZtUWhoSFRESjFVck4zYlBkM1QxUVVkcmgxUXZjelV6MUdUUGhuUlRkMGFUbG1jVVoyWXdwWFk1UWtObHhHVElKWFZ4UkRjemhuZHhnMmF5TldNRUJEYVdaWFFheDBRbmRqY0hORWUxWXphMjkyTHhRMFRFcFhRdlVWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/0iLtx9H8sr5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [045] Aljazeera
http://?PWtYZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE5uWlRNS2RtTnhOSGM2Um5VclV6WmhWbFVoTjJaeTVVVHY1bVRWbG1ldkVYVmpwWGFHUjBaMjkyYXdObFN3WVZjcWhIVTRNelVQSlVhQkYyU3YxMmMxaEZNa2wyWktSSGNHRlRSNFkxZEtGbVoxbGpWdkYzVnVaV1ZMSkhkMFpqZFRkamJQVjBTbHBsUXpsVU5DSlZTVVozYnZza1VVQkZiNmxGYnA1MGF0dDBSbWhtTTV3R2NIaEZiaXQyYjU0RVV0OUVjcEJqTllSamE0Y1hVNFV6U1Y5RWVIQkRTeEFIVzZaMmNsaEdSMm9HYjJnelR6azBkQnRVTURGRE8zcEhlSHhFY3ZSM1NUWjBZVHBsZHBaR1R0bFVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eH2YVqXcen0.png" group-title="DISH TV", [051] ABC Australia
http://?PWdYZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2UkhWbFIxZGtKM0s2aDBkdVJGUkNsM1VMaFdhMFFuUndBSGF0cG5ja0pEZHdaVE9IRlZjemduYm1Ka1VqWlRjRWhIY0JaelJ1aEZXeU5rYVROM1E0QVZaaVZrY0loRFZZcEdTcUoyS0ZSSGFXdEdXVGRUVXlRV2FyZFdSMVp6ZG9WbFkxZzNLdHBuWm5GM1JuRlhlRGxsZEMxR1cxNVViamxuY3hKM1RyRjBMWXRTZDN3VWIyVkdid1puVXBSVFptWlhVSnBrZXZsR2NMbERhaTltTXB4V093QlhlRXBIZVVaellDUlZiRmhUYjVKVlF6QmpRTEJET1VsV1RtdDJhQmhYYmpoSFpsUjFk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8U14b8HzJeF.png" group-title="DISH TV", [055] NHK World Japan
http://?NGwzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwTjJOeTltYXZGM1pNWkdjNDVrVXZKeks2dENTYU5IYzF0V1ltZEhNMFYxY1BSVmE1Qm5NNmQySzRFamNTQjNZdWwwYXpGRWVoNUVNQ2xrUnRGV016RTFibFZYY01kRGJTeEdhcmQxYjJRelMycGtONk56ZDNGM1ZEWlRaTWgxZHJKelkxbzJhM2xYV3ZVMlYwZ0haUDVXVTZWRWFGWjFaeDhHYXhsa05zeDBhWFZuY2tSWFJQUmtkRDUwWlhGWFJ0TmxWWGxFVVpabmJ5bG1NRlZWYjEwV1dPWlhNdUJqUkxWMlNMcEdNdlZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/asiantv.jpg?" group-title="DISH TV", [058] Asian TV
http://?eWwzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwTlZPUGhYV3VaMVl3Um1hSVpHVVNwbFl4cG1iTDlHVDFobWRUTlhleGNGZG85eVV4TUZNdVJETUM5aWJaQjNSVWxVZHJnMWJGcEZTelJGTm5oekt6Um1UR2hIWm5obVk0OEdhNGRVUzNkVGNvVlRjcWxrYnBsM1ZNZDFOcWwxYlVsV2UzRTBUcmxVYXB0a1pSWlhhNWNFTnp4VWJJWkRkNkJsVTBSalNPOXlkUFpIVHdnM0xtcEhjc2RFVzJzVWFuRmpUWGRtVDU0R1d3WldWMFVIYXhNbmNQdHlWdlZYUnpZRVQxSjNNMWRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://asset.ctv.ca/image-service/version/c:YTgyOTU0ODctNWJiNy00:N2YwZGJj/image.png" group-title="DISH TV", [062] MTV
http://?cUpWUWxOR01yOUdUaUptV1paSGIwNUdOR0JuTm9OamUzbGxOaWhYT3p3VVQyQTFaMFFsTnRCSGEzaDFTRkZGZVJCWE5qeDBSUkpuYXZKMkt2NDJVdHAwS1M5aWMwbDJNeWxVTURobmF2TUhSRkZIZXlwWFczaDNNd3NHYWxCbk1yOG1leFVuZTJkelU0ZEhPREpGZFZoR1ZYWkhiejVHZU01bU55MVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/BBC%20HD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [096] Sony BBC Earth
http://?MUpWUWxOR01yeEdUaUptV1paSGEwNUdOR0JuTnBOamUzbGxOaVJYT3p3VVQyQVZjMFFsTnRCSGEwaDFTRkZGZVJoM05tNUVSQ0YxZFlSbWFFWmtaeHRFYTE4VVlLcEhiVWgwU3dNMFowVTNWTE5qWjNsRWFrdDJjR0YzWVJobVUzMW1lT3RpZUtkVk4xaFVRUHRVT0lsblJEOVNUSmRrYjVvRlVJOVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/nmQaTJhI7De5pSpoojTldr1T6yuSkjkNgq.png" group-title="DISH TV", SONY SIX
http://?PT1BZXpNalJ2dzJiMTEyWTRkRFJ5eFdlRjlTYVBWWGFIWkVOWGRsU3JaR1IzVmtackpIUkxGVFpzSkZkeE1UWnpSR015eDJLWVJqUm81bU1uZFRSb1JqY3ZRelM0ZGtjblprUTVVVmNSZDJidmwxTVNKbGRhWmpiek1GVnVkRlMwTTBTVGRYUnFsVlUyZEZheDlpY1pGVWU1ZERaNmwyWlR0V001Um5UUEpqZW1wM2NVUldSclJuTkpWWFYwTVhVdVZFVkNoMlpFQlZRcDVtWm5kWFlDVkVlTDkyYVVOMFRoTjNiWmRsZXd4V1Z1TmtZcmtVWVRkMmNvWkZaWlZXZXhzeWM0dFdNd1J6S0xKblJRZG1RUUJGZTAwRWV5VUZSTnR5YjBKVk1vQjNRamxHUk9wMlNXUmtlcVZHWjIwV2QwMTBZalJIVFhaM0tETlRNMmR6ZG9KWGFKeG1UNUpqTXp3RWN6Z1dUMWtsWVhKVmRIcFhkWDFFY3FKa1RZNTJLakZuUkZKemRWOTJkS0JEVzVVMmFwZERkUWRWTXQ1R1ZxWjFZQjlHY0RabE4zWm1SMVp6VkNkVlZYaDJSTjFVU0VSRGJMeDJaSGxWVzNsbmVxZEVlaWxuZDRvSFdPMTBaS05qUlJsRlp1Um1aSDVHTzNGSGQxQjNVaGgzWnRSVlpVTlZPeGRXUjRGVlZRUkhWc2gzY0VsMVpxMVVkamhUYnJGbVNQNVdVWkZITXNGRVZaWldjckZ6TFlOSFYzZFdORmhEYm4xMkxSZFdTMmRrZVpoSE55a1VTNXBWTlA1MksyNDJTT1JIYVVGVmFUTmpiVkZIYnZsV2R0UmpZejFHU1E5eVZSUlVjUVZFTVlGM2NvcDJkVjlXWjVobWRacDNUek0wYVlkbVF6UmpONUpHVVdGa1R6WVhkczVtTmpGVWFVQlhNTEJIYzJKSGV1VlhPaWgzYUROMWN4SldiaHRDU1ZSRGN0ZG5ZQ3hVYXhNblN1aGxkUmRUYW1WWE9XWm1hNEprWktKMmNsdFdRTUZrVXpRbGQyWUZhTVZYT3M5V1RGZFhZbWRuWjZaMWJ1WkVlTGgxUWs5eU50cFVaNE1WZEVCblFqWnpkcE56YndRblZuUkRNeUpsV3hBbGFIUm5VS0ZsYjFFMGN3WUhVT0oyUTZ0RVUzQVRNbHgyVGhwRlJDRlZjc2RGU3RsVlIwZFhheWhuUUZaM1R3SjBRbTlVZHJWWFQyVjNWclZIV1FkRVV5SUhXNkZ6TTRKa2E1OWtWUnQyVXBoVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/qLvX91bp1OhneJfb0BM5GSt5MYAZQxwmCJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", SONY SIX HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Q2Vp6F1ZEQGBd02xKBRxFcWBMrShxv4k3l.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/CqfsGbvrX0BdjlwhfHSTtsmy6lwCyhUTla.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 1 HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/iVJcicq2YSwxeIcF9XIsrsbukKqOnu3eiR.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/4tdC6e16oTmgWa5eIEvBwuhWxerc758kpz.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 2 HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/lDMeqhOn7GOW6SDujRgZ2OBqNQ8lYcbVCx.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/LADYykN6Y6ZlsP5e37uCmg04avVCojkgsH.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 3 HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/9emo25A1FmUNylAibEtbPbcPIERMWYiKT4.png" group-title="DISH TV", Somoy News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/UslzgZpDRHXgU4LAgdwbc9BZ1IkglAI4kx.png" group-title="DISH TV", ATN News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/9COWJfL9XK8gbKPQ8nfzOWzgtPm7A2EKPp.png" group-title="DISH TV", Boishakhi TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/6fMeu3LZMiehaxIqw4pBuKocGq4WPC8sq6.png" group-title="DISH TV", Ekattor HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/DT2NZqv5EQY5Zorujr58rQfQQvIhtuxWIl.png" group-title="DISH TV", Independent TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/v1g63aXw6R5UbnpDwnG1g9y1myauKeOQwH.png" group-title="DISH TV", Channel 24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/gxvvotQx25ThqPbpSqxB5bHo6XxhjOIOmV.png" group-title="DISH TV", RTV HD
http://?PT13YXpNalJ2dzJiMjEyWTRkRFJ5TlhlRjlTYVBWbmVIWkVOWGRsUzJaR1IzVmtacmRHUkxGVFpzSkZjeE1UWnpSR01yNW1lbmhGT0hGSGVEQkZOeTVtZDFWbVN5UlZNNU56S1ZwR1QxNDJNSmRIWnhrVGJacFdPd2wwTjJKelNWNUVXM2RYT3FWMFR4RVhhNG9XVjQ1Mlo2TjNjc0ZsUUpoWGEwcGxlMVFEY3JWMFR0ZEZld3BrY1dsMVNCZDNOVzlVV0tOR2JuOVVacGRtWXJoRGR0QjFhalYzWmpOVk9WUjFhNWRGU3FwR08yeEVPaWhqWnpnM2I1SldabzFVZUhsM1kxSVZib0YyTDNoR1dKUm5RRjEySzJwR2M0dENOWGhIZDNKRU1oOUVUbXAzZHBoVVYyZ1RjeEFUVFZaV1cwWlRWeHNHU3ZGbk1XWldiSUJWZHBoSE1qdENUbmRYUktsalVCMUdOSXBVVENKbmM0NUdXMlZVY3NOVmV6ODBWSGhXVUhWME1wMUVkNVJrTUxKVFR5ZFVRc3RtZEdoblo2UlVhQmxVZTNKalV1VjNUclZGVDVoelVpVlhXd29tY1lORWJ0WjNSQ2hqV28xMFMzY21lNXhHZXBCVk5UQmpjRVZEVXJRbk1uSjJLd01YYkt4V1YybGtRc3hVZUJ0MFpMbDFReVpVTnhJRU4zZ21UUTEwU05SVmExaGtSVmhYVHNsMk1PTmxjamQzUVRsMlpoSm1hUGRFV3hwbk4zRkVVcFJ6YU54bWN3RmpVaHBtZE1wV09zZG1XMEZrZXRaMU1yZEhXaEJIVXJRMWJ0RjFOUXgyUjFkbFZHdGlXemtITkVoRk5hUkRkaHBrVlFaa2VzZEhSNEUwUnFsV2F4VkZSdlIyYmFSa2Q0aEhPMUpqTXlsalI1TTNRdlFqZHZCRmVYbFhhWHBuUjRGMlVMaFZaNGduY2s1RWRzRlZkTjlrVzBobldxbGtaeUpGZHhwR1dzWkdjMHNTYjBjbFI1WlhNdlIzVGlWRE5LWjNkNE5uTWFOR2EyZ0hPTVZEVzZkVE9VTnpMaWhuYURGM1FqVmxjcjEyWXdvWFkzaG1kRXRpVXo1V01ZNVdiTEJIZUJSSE0wVm1iMlpuZEdGamJZQlhkeFV6VHVwMmNGZEZTNElsUXRKak0xczBWd3NtUzMxVVZocDJja1oxVWlOVGFuZGxZamh6WW1kV1I1aDFTem9uYUZwVlJ5cEZONmhrZHRwMEwzQW5Od1JGVzFWWGFQSjFSSGxUU25SVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/bfIystcqMUkq5qQH4mobFQV0vr78XIuKjo.png" group-title="DISH TV", Desh TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/if2j94bbhDqoxIX0r4cMQIRAfHXlYnx8d6.png" group-title="DISH TV", Jamuna TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/jMdowFnHvqv0cmC53AVW1bd48kd1UxvOH3.png" group-title="DISH TV", Bangla Vision HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/qABcHVek2N3by9evI82jvgnTsih7RIlpby.png" group-title="DISH TV", Global TV
http://?PT1BY3pNalJ2dzJidzEyWTRkRFJ5RlhlRjlTYVBWWGRIWkVOWGRsU3FaR1IzVmtacjVHUkxGVFpzSjFaeE1UWnpSR01ydDJiNU1rTk5wM0t3Z1dONEYyZDFVWFo1UldPdWhVZXhGR1RTNW1RUTkyWm85RWFYNVVOcm9sYnlCamNESm1SdVJYVGlaVU4zTTNaeTlXYzJrbFp2VldSbHhtUXdvSE1uQmpOeHhHY3ZsMlNpWlZVNGhFT3RkVGFLdEdleGtuYllOR2FxaEZPRTl5UnRWM1FCZEhWUk4zYVFGRmFFcFVjRHBWZDBsV1FuUkRjQnhFT3JRM1Y1ZDBSdmRWYzVFSE12MW1jcUJYWmFkM1NuUlhTaDUyZDQ4R2FZcG5VT0ZEVTUxR1JJbDBUeTQyWW9OMlV6Tm1keUIzYzVOemQ0cG5iekZuYldwbldDQkRSVEJ6Y2pOMVNyMFVTcFZVYzVCMVNvZG5NUGhUUTM5VWFyWWxUcDVFVXdWbE16OEVUb2RYT3A1a1NYZDJiVVIwVUZGWGJ1SjJSMFVWWXJSbk1taG5ka3hVYVJ4MFE1QkRPMTFXVXE5MFE0SUhSeW9VYnFOWGNVdGtWUGxqZXc5U1UwZzJjMkpuVFVSSFM1MVVjcUpHTlpOWE91eFdTczEwYW9aSGNGTldZekVsYkpSbFEzaEVNeTl5VFdGRGVTQm5jdzRXY3lRa2R2OW1XSGRYYXVWbFNqSmxjeEpuY2FCbFVWNTJkMFZGTlNGMlk0Rm5TYWQyU0J0R2UwZ21WbWR6YTVCbmNKRkdlcHhXZEJGRWR3VW5Na1ZXYTM0R2QySXpORGhYY25GV1d6SUhaMlozYXlva011aEVlNElFYlFKRVJxbDJRYUptVDFBblNyQUhVdUpqYnZCaldKWkdkcU4yTVFoa1FNbG5RREZ6UkRabGU2WnpkVUZVY3loRFQ0VldVV3AzWkZCVFRXZEdhenhHZTJjWFY2VkVNVWRIU1ExR2VFSkhSNVVIY3pzRU1UUm1ldGRWU3JGWGM1UjNRMEpqVVhGMmJ3a0dTNVYyYXZ0MlFRZGxlR0JIYnh0MkxzWkVjelkwS0pSM0x2VjBjM2xWWUZOWGFCVlZSUVZuYUZ0MEx5dEdSbngyVXprMWQwY25kSlpHY05kSGJ3OXlNaU5sWnZOMlFCSmpkS0JuVDVna2JTaDBkemQyY1pCMVIwUjNVU0YyTnZJbk0zRjNRM1lWZENoa1ZUZFRkcnRDUnl0R1UxeDJVMlVHTjRZR2NIWlRSNGhXZDQxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/ZTiFzVttAPucbdlZNShwmWvgROAVdhvb4w.png" group-title="DISH TV", NTV
http://?PT1nZXpNalJ2dzJidjEyWTRkRFJ5QlhlRjlTYVBWbmJIWkVOWGRsU3BaR1IzVmtackZIUkxGVFpzSkZjeE1UWnpSR000dFdlcFpsUnJKWGVScDNUMk1VYjRwSFN4QjNVc2RXYkxKWGNwdG1UblpGVkRoRmJvOTJOc2RUYzVsV1NHSjBaT3BXWVVoVmJrZERicFZ6WnlvMmNxQkRTRVoyVnVaWFRxRm5ZMU1EZHo5V2RoUmxacnBGTmF4MlJ3RjNjWmxYZW9aVWMzWldkTzFrZHBSbFQyWVdOb1ozVTJaak1UQjFjNk5sWlN0MGFzUm5Sc3AzZGpGWGNzOUVkWkp6ZEdGbWJKSkdVc1IwS2lWbk0zZ0haR1pGV3lVSGVybEhWNHhFY3N0Q1R0TkdPMXdHVjY5V05xMW1ld2dtVTFNV1pxSlZUYWhUZHFwbWRKRlhRdVJVZHhrSE53c1NXbzlrY3RCVmFIZG1XWE4yWVpwSGNyZ25RSUJEVm5ObmQzOVNaMUpYY0ZSWGVraFRheEUzU1ZobVI0UlViQjlrWlNablJsSlZRQnBWZTVGRmJSbFRZczFrTjBVbFJFOVdldlVUT3VabmJ6SWpjdDlpVnJCelk2VkdjMzVXY1pSblVyVUhhQk5VYzFzMGN6VldOejVXVjJ3V1cyVTBVME0wY2xCVFR4WkdaMWRXVnVsMVVhaEdjdWxVYzFGRmRuZFZPV2R6Y3hGV2JLcDFVcXAzVE1KVk5sNVdkSkZrYTBRVlN1UjJabEZsTnBkV1ZtTm5WM3BWZHNsa1NSTmthcTFFZWFGVE5wcG1VR2h6TDFzMFpRUmxVVnhrUTFaVWR3eFVWaU5YYWx0VU96NTJjUGhETUVSRFR4bEZieU1UZDN0bVdseFdTeElWYk9GV2M0OGlVeEZVTTNGVGFHMVdSMEFWYTRvWGNWeGtTd2dHZHBSR2V2aGpSQkJIVjJabmJrbEZlcmdYWnFKV2VwcFZRbEpHUk8xbVM1OWlZeVFYZElWMmJLSmpkeFptVzRsMGFSaFhlUkpVYXhsV2V6ZGpiNXRpYjVKbldIRkdUR0pIV1lwV1paWjNkclVFUnR0MlF1SkdkaUJEYklwM1R6aEVaSmRIZWF0a2U0ODBReEZYVWE5VVpLcEhNbVYwZFhCWGR2dEdjellITzBoWFQ1aEhNTmRXYXhoalFsNWtiekVrVDM4aWR6cFhVcE4xVXZVWGMxWTFWekFGYnY4a2NWMVVPcDFrV2pCWFFFVjNaMWd6VlpoM2N0ZGtaemhUYTZkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/DoKoGKX1LsT9GpUagnwBIuQyxYHjqf0je3.png" group-title="DISH TV", Mohona TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/CtlvPqTCZ9RbWvv0823ad3iLC5L0RDOSf3.png" group-title="DISH TV", my tv HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/xgCAKFdN7mFxISWPJMcFwt6kFernds00Fa.png" group-title="DISH TV", Bijoy TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/mnJFiZiLDimZtShcknhK6LQyNbaJVSEauy.png" group-title="DISH TV", Spice TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/s8mABPas3FXqMu6a5Vvs9FaK9jOwhxbQ9Y.png" group-title="DISH TV", Channel 9 HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/OOiesrVnJfwJkytS4cBVHtHMYYWYt604Py.png" group-title="DISH TV", Asian TV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/aKbnjWOgkkZ6gF36nUMRdaaxEthuwHE408.png" group-title="DISH TV", SATV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/s033wf4XeD2avtWQw18B97GZ8jG2h5wrCl.png" group-title="DISH TV", Gaan Bangla HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/1ahK7J5rB7xGYLZUsCUHLmHITWaIizYfN0.png" group-title="DISH TV", DBC News HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/yLOa8oJqOwu45E2DndmmAavRtKsMAEeMuB.png" group-title="DISH TV", News 24 HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/iKEr5sBAchLBCuagvIM9nidw4JICLJSvNz.png" group-title="DISH TV", Bangla TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/dzeEGO5KEKvbQIKca3QoKFBwfHAngKEE20.png" group-title="DISH TV", ATN Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/vrR7YBIcIQX6vovfYzazp4XJshc8QuGlME.png" group-title="DISH TV", Nagorik TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/C1qGOj4cJIValAWpJvyOzGCN6loswfPdKQ.png" group-title="DISH TV", Ananda TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Ck1GP7vzEdaxs06qsj2tsoLqeeSo2Dv4aS.png" group-title="DISH TV", Ekushey TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/xwetmW4nXckw0QuOkvQk8mtJCQ0scgzC6L.png" group-title="DISH TV", Nexus Television HD
http://?PT1RZXpNalJ2dzJiNDEyWTRkRFJ5SlhlRjlTYVBWWGRIWkVOWGRsU3paR1IzVmtacmhHUkxGVFpzSjFjeE1UWnpSR01xMVdUT3RXZGxsWGJMTkdaalZFYkNCSFVZRkVkckZVY3BGamJ5bDJTWWRGVFpoMWR4WlVaU0pYVXkxVWFUOVVRcFZYVjJNbld0QlRlTVpIYzA5bWFyaFdNSlYyTVU5MmRwSmpjMlJrZFk5RVRpZHpONnBWT3lvRWV5RVhPeXR5THlnV2FCNVdTRk4wYjJWMFRESm1TazkyTjRVRmQwVkRhdTlHZUtGelVyUkRhUlYzTTFCbll3Sm1lTk5tYzNzU1UyZG5jMTFHUnZvRlUzRlhaMEFsWkJGWGRMZFVRcE5qYXFabVdCQlZUWjUyYVRaWGUyVTNjUXBVVHI4RVc0cFZjRVIxY0toR1VTbGtOc1YwZDFGVldLRjJZd0ZtWmsxV2VyZ1dRbGxqUzV3VWFEbFVXWTVrTnZaVFJGZDJkc3AyTHd4VWUwSldlcVZqZENGV1UxaHpjS3AwYTZsR2FScDBLeHRtYkhGV08zc3lkNUoyYUxKbk5MRkhXcmsyS0paRmV4VXpad1lEYnFsRFIxUW1VS0IzVktSblF6WVViMXdrTnBSblF3WkhlTGwyZHBoSE12Y1ZiTEZEYTBnalZKQnpTcVpWTTNWRVJhdG1ZV3BrZWFKWGJ5ZG1XNW9XVDBoV2RTcG1kaDltYUpwbGNMbFdjd1pVWnlNV04xeGtkeVptVnBGbmJZdGtjNWhUYUdWVGJTRldXcVZrZGpkbVlucEhOS2xFYTNBRGJFOVVWT0JYV3RCRlMyWmxOVUJIVlBobE5rMUdkMnAzUk9wRU1yQjFMWEZtTklkV1F4WTNRd1lVY0dsV1QzSTBLNDFXUjRkbGVZcG5jSWwxUndZRWN2RVdNeTVtWjBaak1YQmpRSFozWlR0MktTQm5ld2xGU05OVU9uVmtRNG8yUzU0bVpKUm5UejlXY3lzV1RoRmtidkoySzVnbmRLZFhZbFZ6UXJzMmMwaG1TcmQwYjNKM2EwNDJMdGRuUnpJa2UzazJaMk1WV0taV1l1bDJjclYxWUtoM01qdHlOa2xuY0lwbGJ4WjBjdVZVT3pOVE1ySjNZdzVVUklWMGF3QTNSRWRVYndoWGJSTlRPWXhHVDRGbFloWkVkM2tYUnVwV2Q2dG1iVE4xWkl0V2VFbDBWNW8zY285V09SQlRSdUJqYnlWbmNMVm5ONU1uWmxwMWFSSlRVMFFrZHRGVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/M5TRWFtJ7RvuiypnR5pirq1k5jLMmXT7iY.png" group-title="DISH TV", ZEE Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/jWJs40EY8K2AT2iGDgCh5LiBhUCs4hCWDg.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee TV HD
http://?PT1RZXpNalJ2dzJicDEyWTRkRFJ5WlhlRjlTYVBWSGFIWkVOWGRsUzBaR1IzVmtackZIUkxGVFpzSjFkeE1UWnpSR002MVdWVlZtYUlwbmNtSm5VUUJYYTFkblZTWldSb2xIYk50bVFZMVdUbEZEYjRvMmFGNVVTc0pWWnNWemJUQjFSVVZuWVdoalFVZFdkNFVsVTJ3V1N3cFZVQzVtYXpNWE9VdGllMlFXYlhoMUxYaGpWM0pVVEhSMGRLWkhVd1ZXWkxaemQxWTJSMmNsVXU5MFMwRVdTdUozTHY4aWV6UmtlVGhHVDFrVlEyZEVPTGhUWVg1Mll3aFViQzl5Wm5ORVdTbHpZdTEyVmFaR2FNRjNibGhFWnV0bWVKdFNiYVJVVzRkelFyUjJjbmxXWnFSM2EzRkRjRUZFZXBCVFF3Vm5jUVJqY05wWFcxWVdaaE5IYW1OR09NVmtSeVpqUjBVek13VTNZcXhXZExCamNROUdVckltYnBoRFpNbFdRaDFXT21sSGRRbFZjd1JEYWpCbGNvOUdSYTEwTFpwM1JoMUVXajlTYXpWbGFqRkdhNVJHWjZGR1RyazJMcmdXWnNkRWFyaG1TdGxEU3pWalV4OGlZcTUyU1Q5U1JaUkRjekZWZG1abVN3QlhUd1VUUmtCWGRGWnpkUkJuYTFFa05hbDJMM0ozVHpzbWRXcG1UNkYxTk9WV2M1TW1haTVVZHY1V1czWUdaUmxuUzRoblJ6QmpkcjBVYmlsVmR4UkZUUGgxY3dOWFNocDBMVGhYZDN3VU1VNUVXM2hGT0VaMGEyc0dhQmRUZTZwa2NxSmxSVWREVTJSVU5YRlhiNG9YYlFWV2RVeDBkd0puY2hGall0NVdSMzhXUWtGWFZhMUVTR0JGYUVKV1d2c1VSMkJYWkZ4RWV5MEdOSk5YY2p0U2FRZERUdkpXVjF4R1RhVmtZakpYWkRaelJNdFdlcTFtVjJFRlczVkVOUDlHVTFrSGNWbDBOSzFrZWhwRmVEcDFScHRTTjJWMlRNbFdTTk5tTU1SRWV5YzFab1pUUnBsamFpRlhkMkFYU3gxbWJ3dzBhcjRFTWpCWFR1TldOWUpuTXljV1Z5TjFRRGxqZHJnWFlScFVheVIzWkxSRmJoZG5SdWRHVlBKamJ2cG1SWGRUT3JGbmFLaDFaeUpIVEdSRU9XSm1kNjUyS1hwR1p5aFVZdVoyZHhCWFIzUlVhUzVVY3JabU1HSkZkMGxuVFJoV1p4QjNLNWdFWkhkVmRvVkhjTkZUTzJOWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/PBVKZpujYrk3VktWpRxTHtlWNFsXyQ8QBE.png" group-title="DISH TV", ZEE Cinema HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/O6enm2ueVwMRucQ7wktWoVFGjpGZraNzYj.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee Bollywood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/q8Or7GIxZjCtdY8D7Tj5zRfZqVSjXnAmF3.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/YQkd9wc9qEpNSMqj8l1YEtZF7ipSN3fBYe.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee Anmol
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/vJQGMVs4Bs7N9wMZugIniniorsJY6POu2n.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee Business
http://?PT1BZHpNalJ2dzJicjEyWTRkRFJ5ZFhlRjlTYVBWWGFIWkVOWGRsUzRaR1IzVmtackZIUkxGVFpzSmxjeE1UWnpSR00wMUdaclluTmxwSFNDVkZSV2REYXgwRVd4UWphdWRVVmp0MlJMeG1ZNVJXVXY1RWQ2Tm1NdzBHVTZaVlFZZG1jU2htVmFkbmNMZDNhVFpHUnY0R1cxVnpUaHgwTjNFM0xKaDNjSVZrY1BWek5oUkVidXRHYUpCM1pHVlhPNGhHUjVoa2VLSlVTdFJFY3I5Q1VSaEVSRTEyTExoWFJ4d0dhNWtuUzFOelRwTnpNc1JGUjRkWE5GWmxSVHRHZDJsbGVxTlVTcmhVTXpobFlwMW1XckpVZExGM1pzeEdhWmRGZTNSbE5WSlVUa0JIYlJoMlZaNWtkMDlFZFFCM1pvWlhWcVowYjBkM1F0ZEZicEYwZDJnV01DZDBhdlptZUtkbU41VTNMb0ZUVTRWMWNHMVdjNWNGT3FKbWVHaG1jMFpYY0lOME5paDFiU2xHYXlNbFd4Wm1jTmx6TGhoWFRNNUVTbjFXZGxCRE55WUhkelZHY1I5MmFTbFhjM1lqYUZCemM1aFdlUEJUVjBsM1ZOMWtjVWRYTVkxVVpKWnpjUlpYV0Nka1F1eDBZMXBXWVJ4R1pSZDJjTkZXZWtkVWU2bGpNb0YwYzBSR1UyTUhXMmcxWmxKSGNFNW1ab2wzTW9ka2QwQXpaMlUzTFY5Q1JKZHpjVUowWTNkSFNxeDBUM29VZEw5MkxWcDBhMGRtZW05MFFCTlZONUZYZVZGa1JZdFdkT3AzZDVnR2REZEZVNFZXZHlGMU4xcFZUTnBHU3d4VVpvZG1kbDl5WWFKSGF1WjJMbnBVTzJjV2FLZERWYVpXYVkxbVlzVmpUdXRFU3hoMFRGbDJkcWRrZDJZVWR1QkZPUGREV3R4R05uWkVTTEZuYUhKa2JLVm5kaE5YT3dSekt2WlViTE5EV3VwblZDMVdRbmxGZUNORE9qaG5lclJqVnpJMlRhOVdOeFlFU0toMGFNSkZVbFIzWXBGMWNhUkVjekZYUXhobmNoWlZka3hXWXlvSFJ2TmpUTFIwYXlOWGRtZFhOMTVHZXZGRlJUWm1RMkpGVGxoMllPcEhTTkZXTjB4bWVWVjBjVUpHZXg5Q2R6a2phbUJYZWlWelRaZHpjcmREZE1WbFEyMTBOMlVEYTBFM1VvQjNkeFVWY0U1Mll5Y21TeUJ6YUVsWFk2RjNaYUJYWjZwbWRPVm1RNFkyUXRWVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/8U0G9CmkjHk9IKOLoBr0TmIPntm65oLXaV.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/gR8jSB4wRmt2JS6bvD5MlLvfffQvBtrj90.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/uJKFrgul040AVgVyOVgWmHYsPli5GsxTlt.png" group-title="DISH TV", &tv HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/3YkDZ2LXza8ygMSFYoC0mBipC35SAYIgMG.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors Bangla Cinema
http://?M056TUc5Q2J2cFhiamgzTkVKM2E1VjBMcDlVZHBka1IwYzFWS3BuWkVkWFJtdDJaRXRVTWx4bVU2RnpNbE5IWndvMmFqZEhhQ2RHZVVsa1U1SW1lNkp6TE9aRFM1WVhiSHhrUnBkRWFwcDNWNGtHTXk5MmN6UmtZUmxIVDFvMlE1bzBkMTFVUjZwMUtyRmxWeFExVDE0MlE1VkhXV2xEYUlKek5OWjJOczVVT2xOVk9JZEhXeE5UYmFwV2FMWkdPcEZWY3VSVld6UkVPVlJuVHRsbFlPMWtidlJrUzV0bU02dFNkMVVFU0twR09tWlRVSDVtYXo4MmFwVkRXejFVYm1oRVNyQm5VdkJ6UnVsWGMxUkhWeUpuV3ZkalFuUkhjMWNHUnpvM1JTWkhjMTQyWnl3bVJ4OUVSMHdtY3RKM1pxOTBWd2t6YVBKMEtoWkdTc0pqTXJoa2FtWkhiSHhFVzVNV2JOcFhlbVpIYXhKRlJWTlZjSjkyYjBwRmU2bDJadk5FVTVrV1l5TlVjUHAyYzVzR2ExSURUWVJWYzExRWV6Smxhc3R5YzBwM1ZNZFhRcmRsU1NGbmNaWm1iV0pXVnJCMWJMbEVNRTFtV3NsbFlLUlhhbUYyUzZkWGR2SlZjSmwzTUlKbmU0RVZjaFYxZEVCMWNOMVVkeVpWVXh4V05TVm5NNVZqZXY5Q2F6UWxUQkJ6THBWM1Z2WTBLS2RYVTQwRU53Tm5hemcxVnlrWFozQmxhVGhXVEVOSFNCSmpjeWt6Yk5wVWM0TlRTeTkwU25SVlVHZDNjeEZqV1VOSGNMRkhTMVlVWXNSMVJhNTBjMUVYUkpGMk51MUdiekZWYUJ4VU1yWlhUVE5tZXBwM0xTcDJNWFprZVlKRVNzQlRidEpHU0R0MmJQMUdVMmdrTXk4VWVpeEdiWkJqVDRGMUxNQkZib2QzZEZ0VU56SWtlUU4xU3d4R1d6VjJRRWRWVVJkM1Q0bG1Wemh6WjJFblF4OWtUemRuZHhJMVVMcEhibTFrU0tSVGVyTlZlbHRVTzJGalU0QVRTdU4zVXRaamF6WTFabHAxWU9sVGJ2RlZTMkFYU3NCblZ5TlVNM1JXZTBRR1dRdEVPbkZIVUlOMVl1RlhPd1JsZU1GVmFWNWtVR04yVHk5U1VITkVkUTVXWUVWMFRTSkhlcjVtZDROVlF1bFRackFsWXFwV2FWSlVhemdHZXpRSFYyVURVcGhEV0toemE0MG1heFVsWW94MGNweFdkeFIwWTFKRlZJaDFMYTlXUURaV1V1bEZkNDFVTnV4R093Qm5kMjEyVjRFM2R3Y3pO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/CFH6o7kaUaCXAxVUeoJ8HVhkCnnAk6Ezf3.png" group-title="DISH TV", &Pictures HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/DssqJfHCJKOE4Yg4JyioSBwNAfg6u4IVJF.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/yvsKfVdGJOEs1aRVmcwEYgeaJ93hhcFcB7.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors Infinity
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/dXMk9bwtpHWGji033GnKxgaIQzDIgo55w9.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors Rishtey
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Uoku0v06Qqv8chG3LW0NCGmZY9CyiuiwNl.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Pal
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/qagHOScQkqzp2vtZmtQMmk65zCff0j8bQd.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Sab
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/rQtYvNgl2CGKsKa6JpTQvo89HDbTA4SXqX.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Sab HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Cm1InmIy8HEZB5iwzcEp0l6ZuXMMIip7TT.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/jkI1d9flbppnjrqIXdMVeA2zbESqcMKtJP.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/RkoVurU59lSXHhz4iYAYtlM4f6YaK3KrAQ.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/ltc8LAUl829OjhaGZ21XnQRaAuScUNP3yj.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Max 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/DN5rzKu3J5V5iWmauBAqJQK63RKKR2mQhg.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Max
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/yD00aeliavxDyYY9b3d7KyuO2w2wBiVyaq.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Max HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/aCNMhfCdvXiAqSuLXRp6vaMj98zhvjsrkc.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Wah
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/8fNNueGaLklynbxxjMXJqMVlpyuKtluMIv.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Pix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/eXpvw9Cy7ZQIVihYAPgHqu328i6eSM3g2w.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Pix HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/6ZH79QPLLPHmkcdSkUmHS9MPFb0nwHQSf0.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Yay
http://?PT1nZHpNalJ2dzJidjEyWTRkRFJ5UlhlRjlTYVBWbmNIWkVOWGRsU25aR1IzVmtacmRIUkxGVFpzSmxkeE1UWnpSR010dDJTNXBWV1psSE0wb0dWamhtYldsWGRtaGpkMWxHVjNWbGRqRjNMVzVrWXBOVWNJUlZWdmtrYTJObk5uZDNaNWhIYVpCbllURkRlcjRtVTE4eVU2WjBLMUZGYTRnR1VCZFVXV1YzZG5OVmJSRjNTb0pUZHRwSFcyZ1dVWWRrTWp4MmIwVmtid01YY3JWRmN3WkZjSE5uVHkxR1dycEVjendrV2twVmJ4QmpOcFJUUkdSWFdvTkZOQ0ZqYXBCRldtRjFMdjEyVjJNbFY1Z0haTXRtUzJRRmJhaERXWGRrYm5OM1R6d21aVTEyVTFnVU5tRnpjM1VqUzVORlM1UldaSUZVTTNsMk1aUlVRdmRVZXNGVWJuaGtObmxtY3pVblF0Tm5TU3QyWUlSamVzaERiR04yUnNGVlIwWWpRSTlHVmtkVFNvOW1la1Z6YmxWMlFxZFZaNlJXYktoMmI1c21iWU5VZHRwMlVTZFRUc2xrVkRsWFdsQkhScHRVUmtWRmEwVjNLQ1ZqVDFWVlZ1OXlaaUJIY3Vaa1V1cG1hS2xYWjVra015Qm5VdFpUYmh0V05HRlRRd2dGZXB4RVNyMFVkc1pFTjJSR2V2NVdaakYzWTVaVWQ1a1VWMkFqZHBSRmFWRjJZamRtTTBORVJzdHlkR0ZIU1RGbGMxSlVhckVHYmloSFNFaGplWWhWZEZWMU1tUldlMXBrWUd4R1J5bDJZbE5UVURGVWNwVjNjTUJqUTR0RVUzTjBVd2MzY3owVVZ2RUZiWnhFTldselpvZG5lU0ZqWmo1V1lybFVkeUVWZG8xMFJVaEhjMlZYYTVGM2R4Wm5SQ2QzY0NwbWUwc1dRNWtWVm5GMlYxcEZkVjFHZFlOa2F3ZFViakJEVHB4a2IzQkRWQ1ZsUms5V1RSOWtZamxtY2poVFYyaEhUcnAyYnNWRFQ1VlhjR0pUUTVsV2NEUlhNMFJtUXRaamI1UVZlcHBuVVJkellLOXlacU5FWmlaWGQybDJSMWRVVmxaM055aFVlaWRrZTBkR1U1QkhOMGxHYnl4MFZEOTJadjEyYVpKWGVWaG1hdlJuTnhGbGJ3cFZVa3hXWmFkRWQxODJhbGhqWUdWbGFxTjJMMGRqWVZkMk1GQkhXclkzYzJ0U1N4UUhTb05tY3pGbE55b1haNGNtUnd3MlpZNVdUd2duUm5OWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/eplXbBfD0FlMEiIFJ1YOZjUgGkGjNatkat.png" group-title="DISH TV", BTV Chattogram
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/CI3p13pw1wZPwo6tDW8jL5LJZVXPGcyCv7.png" group-title="DISH TV", BTV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/dI7IYtQR2bhIgpWCwak3oJUU6hkcbvxzgN.png" group-title="DISH TV", BTV World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/SMFIrHgeHFkfMcpZNrAy9foPtsYtniTyh4.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sangsad Bangladesh TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/t1iOtSoF8QJof4Tt2bA0BfTAAPxhmC8ZGx.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony BBC Earth
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/8grPkvTGVjAeO9fuGmEPDzhg8a4P5zhURc.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony BBC Earth HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/AdvQDwkhl2WyqoqLnYMVPEswa2g19BWX9R.png" group-title="DISH TV", I Film English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/RQ2UFFDVm6AcaPPOkOmriGUrXeYUVdKMfU.png" group-title="DISH TV", Nick
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/m8wjICO11sCmDeR4RDuIDjctIJrJVdcaPf.png" group-title="DISH TV", Nick Jr.
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/G0xCs8YfVBIbEZHAkNjXzPOJtx6FdGfsxg.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sonic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/FtUF3fAnpByamAZeZlRo6D49iUFnt0x5SU.png" group-title="DISH TV", Aljazeera
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/nfBW8OVulDsRNaLsX2Pwymphnd9bK7fqPp.png" group-title="DISH TV", Aljazeera Arabic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/XzAPUElfCYZdDFQskHgcoYwLjUMCklXaqq.png" group-title="DISH TV", CGTN
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/fZensHdzSqAc3zSyT7muxyVpaQlnB36pw1.png" group-title="DISH TV", Euro News
http://?PT1BZXpNalJ2dzJidjEyWTRkRFJ5cFhlRjlTYVBWSGVIWkVOWGRsU3paR1IzVmtaclpIUkxGVFpzSmxleE1UWnpSR014eG1Na2RYWk50bU1TUldRMlkyZHloV09MaG5ZMkZIZXZRblZYbG5XbWhsVFVWMGJ0TldTQ2RYTXZwWFRyVUdTMzhtV0JSbE5SNTBhMFpFVnZRM0w0ZG1RMHRFWk4xV2V6WVVjNW9rZE9kMVJYWkhiMDlDTzIxR1d0RjNjUzVFTkZoSGVVTjBaT3hVTm5wV1FXWjBOd3RtWndOWGJrVjFac2gxS1FwM1N5aDNTWEJIWk1sV1lqZDNNVEpGYXZJbVNaSlVSeFpWYW5OWE5JVm5XNVlrZFVSV2M1VURPMzhVZDZGalEwSlVWazFXT3dVbVoxTWplM2xtZHdoRWV2UjJMVmRFZXdWSGVNZFViaUZYYTBSSFR6UmpWd05rU0l0Q1doZG5XTzkyTDJkVGJ2QWxXM1VYT3NsbFdJWlhVQ2hHU3BKR1Yyb1hjWDlHYzFOVk0zcGthMTRVV0I5bVFYTm5jUXQyYVN0MlZVaG5VMTlpVTRGR2FpUkhheEFIUjFjRmV2NFdUeVZHYjBoR1N2TVZlc0ozYlJGV1dyOGlhWWxWU3NKVFE0SnpObmxsWnl0R1pKcFVhdWxsZFJkak4zVjBhM2hEWklkblV2ZFdiaE5WVkxKbGI1OEdOemtVU3c1MFlhRjNhMVZYUXlZV041UkdhNVFUT1V0aWVxeDBaU2RUWjNwM1p2eFdiVUJuZVRSamMyTVdSdEJYYWx4a01ESjNUMVJqV0c5R2VWUlRSQ1JWVzZoeloxSXphWmgyVTV4V1RvbDNkc2xrZVFWSFI0SkhOQ2RFU0RwR012TjFRTlpVZXlaVlEwOGlZcGQyVm1oV05zbG5XNVZrTldwRWJuaFRhclkyYXBKV2VDOVNWR2hYY09aMVowVkRidjQyWXpabWR2Rm1NYVYzYm5sWFEzQmplVWRqZDN0U2JGcFdRcWhFY0NoSFIxbFdVMUpUYXgxbWF5azNZeEVFWnVoVFp4WVZVem9YYjZka1J2STFiM2RuWkVoWGF4SjBkc1JEY0lwSFNTVkZjcmxtY0pSbGRWWm1NMjlHTm9aRVdrRm5VWE5WUUxsbGRRRkZTMlVuVm9CWGRHUjBjNWRtUXc5U2FPQkZkckl6VEVwWFJ0NUdVR1IxS1hCWGNKcEdOakpuY0d4a1JHQlRRcDEwVHpJV1l6d1didlExUVpOVWEzTjBVU1JGTnRsVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/kYQPlbGL8QcnkZlsFRvh92BfMFfsrfqVrF.png" group-title="DISH TV", Channel News Asia
http://?ek56TUc5Q2J2aFdiamgzTkVKbmQ1VjBMcDlVZDZka1IwYzFWS3BtWkVkWFJtdEdiRXRVTWx4bVV5RnpNbE5IWndjM2FuVmtTWWhIY05WMGFtcG5Vc2RtZWtwbVNLMVdTclpXYWlwMWNSeDJReGdqWm9WV2M2TlRXMFFYYlBaa1lJVkdhTVptZE81bVNvVmpkeWNUT0J0MllDUjNTRkJsZHdNMGRhdFNVcEozWmE1VU00dFdkVVJsVVRSMWJ4VkhadlkwZDU5a1d5SlVPNmRuUTBFMFpZNVdjSGxVZXM5MFV1aDBNb1pUYU81R2R1WjBhb3BIY3Ywa2NNcFVhdVZtY21WRFNGVm5NSFJqZEY1bWI0VWtSRlJtUTNaRldFZFZjaGQzVVJwWGVNUmxkblJGYUlSRGVzNWtlaFZIV1E1bU5HcG1USUZXZVJoRVNEMUVOekZYYTJsblMxSm5jU0pUU0VOVWRYNUdieE0zYnBKV2V2UkdOcUZuUzFGMGNQZEdlNWhITVBkbVR0TkZTMTBrY25wM1NrRmpjc0ZrYnBkR1ptMVdPeXBVV0JWbWM1MFdlaFJsYU1KbWRCZERid0FsYzAxa2I0NEdlcDVtYXI5a1V1ZG5iUHBuZFRCM01vcDBkUXAxZHBGM1FNWmpjdlVuYnZZM2J6WlhRb0pYT1FkRVpSeDJkVWhIVTFVMGRqbFVPWGhUVnhWVE9TTkhOSTFHYU9sbFFoUlhjd2hHY0lWWFd6VkViMnhVVHFkMkxreDJRdVZsYXJsMk10UlhRclJqV3dRVGJ4a1dRNmxrZHpjSGFhWkROdGRXYXVWVGE2aFhSTDFXWTU4V1Eyd1VkekYwUnhRamIwcDBMNVFFVnlwbVRyY1dVUjVHY0hCMVRwcGtNNUZqYkZsSFRuZG1idUpEYU9aa2IzQjNkdEpqWTZsMFpadGtTUmxuTlZSMlFydGliaUZIZXg4bWQ1bGxRa2hWTkJSbmVwdHlSUmwyYnBGbVFuTmpSemhtTW9GbGFtUjNjWFJqTWhwVWFOVmtid05UUnZwM1lJZERTQnBIV3pobGJOZEdlbXBuVXpBalpvbDBhd1ZIWnhWWE5xTnpTWjlpYVlwWFZ5b0VOMjEyTTBOMWRTcEhTemhVV0laemNLVlZjMWRYY3ZoVlNKMTBRVGgyTG5KR1dYbERiYVJXYTBRMlV1bERXMW9GWjVFSFJ1TjBNTWxEYXZCbFYyc0NhckYwYTNGall2Y0hhbUprWVkxMGFMVlZNbjkyYTI5VVpzQkZWcFpIVTBBek5KbEdkUlJqUlhsMFMzZFZaalpHTnZRM04zWjFi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/nNMRTcQdjPUdlUPoQgpZ92gkdshDZtfrye.png" group-title="DISH TV", DW (Deutsche Welle)
http://?PT1RZHpNalJ2dzJicTEyWTRkRFJ5QlhlRjlTYVBWSGRIWkVOWGRsU25aR1IzVmtacjlHUkxGVFpzSkZkeE1UWnpSR002NUdieFZGZTVNSGVoVmpUeWwzY0JaekxSSkZab3RVY1lsblYybFhaSVZsY2o1R2Uwc1NNM05sUnc5VU5aRkZUMzlHTTVSRFp5aEhlMFZtVHU5a1cwRlRTakZYVDVGSE1KNW1WVTFFYnhBbFMyUTBhbkZXVWpCSFRwNUdlTlZEZVJoWGJQMTBRWlZtTm9kbU5odHlRWWgzY1hWMFM0NUdkWlpEV21SRWV6OW1TdndtUlVkMktMbEhOSnAwYTZaM1Uya2pVeFJuTlhObWF5Z21jRjVXWTVGbWVwbEdXeGRVTTVkbk5rcEVablJuTXVWWGNuRkVhaWQyU3V0U1oyUjFhcllETjJCblREWkhSNUJuYXQ1R01ZbGthM2wwZE9oWFlYZDJZUFpsTjZGM2I1UlRhNU5IVHpKemNRcFZURnBITkpCRlUxMTJaVEpUTkt4bVVwUlZZcEIzS0VoV1dEUjBRTDFVZXhoMFRJRjBiMjVrY1lobmFKdDJWeGNWZXJVM1o0RXpWSmxHZHZGVVExWW5NRmxXVDJOVlRzSnpkWVJWYzJZeks0ZGpOcXhrYmhsWGRhUkVXU2hEYzNNRmIyTTJkNmRFVHdwMExJOW1VamhqTUR4RWRzQnpjM1ZUTjRobFk2bEZSNWRIYlVCelZHVmthSmwxUW9SM056ZFVhQ1JWV0N4bVlSRm5kbTFHYTRKVGVXRjJjbmRHYU5KM1JuUm5jVkpUYUdCSGI2RkRNTVZqWXFsMVJFNTBSdk5IWklGVWJvVjFkVk5qWWwxRWVuaFhZWGxGVU9wbmV3QUhPSWRqYjNVbFZRbHpNczVtVXdSRk0xcEdjMUZVWXpGa2V2MVdUWFIyU3dGME5TbFZTbGxXWTZsV09XbGpkSkZUWklaWGE0QnpSU2RVUVpoV2RtaEVOMk1sYVlsalZZZEVldVpWVDBzMFZ1NW1heEJqUUNsRGF3RWxiRDlXTXZsa1RCdENTM2syWVRGVFp3SlhiNGRtYmFaRloyTjBhakYxZGE5MlJhdG1ieUlXZWhaalRvTm5ZM05WUVVKMUwxMW1TbVJYTzJoVmRScDFiRnBWZXdKVlN0UjFaSzlXUjBVRFozbzBiRXRtV25Oa2N2SlRObXRpVTBwM01WSnpOS05IYXdVblloOTBMek5VYnJ4Mk1LdFdlMklVYzV4bWJZcFhZRWRFWjJkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/uPVetGj9PYRn2Fnxx2ZIykn2uZ3nOUzyLK.png" group-title="DISH TV", Arirang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/qbPXrUUrZC5vvvWnRMsqFfN1yMElkNQ0iW.png" group-title="DISH TV", KBS World 24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/PeqQFC2DYu1EMVpAWKRg89MuR7oG7TJSNu.png" group-title="DISH TV", NHK World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/h75AQBcEEeVBx2ZuXXJQ9jvveNMvUCkbbi.png" group-title="DISH TV", France24
http://?Nk56TUc5Q2J2aFhiamgzTkVKWGI1VjBMcDlVZDZka1IwYzFWS3BuWkVkWFJtdEdhRXRVTWx4bVU1RnpNbE5IWnc4bWIwQkZPU1ZGYlZoM05aUmtaeUJYUVJ0RWQ2eG1WVXhtVzBrMFpXSkRSQkJWZTVKVmFSaHpiTnBHY0lWVWVoaDBadUYxYnBWbVRuNTBkT1ZWUUJ0V1RHRmpVdjFVYnZFVmVpWjFkMWRETnVSVmMyQjNZd3RpTXA5R2V0VjJOVU5XVHpOMVIxaG5SMDUyUnFaV2M1SXpaTTVVTlhWbVl3VnpOaWR6UUpkSFZGdGlWd1lWZGpsRlJJbDBkeVoyTlNwbVRZVlhTU05XUjB4a2FPVjNVa0IzTm5aVGQyMWtlMHdXU1ZKbVpKcDBkSjFrYnpkVU9uOUVWNkpEZTVnblZqWjFZUTVVYmhKRVp3VW1UNWhXZWxGMGFwZEhPbXBsYXN0Q2V2SjNLSXBsTjBoRGR3TkRSejhtVTNabVpETlZleHAyU1dCMUtxSlhRWmhsYnhGblpscG5Wd2RqZExGV2R6Z1dlbjEyYnlRRE10RlhXVmhXZHhrV2N0Vm1ZbnAzZHN4MmF2aEhURnhXVDNNMVFSbEVkeGcxTUpkRGFwdHlNenMwWUt4MlVDWm1hMlJuZVFOV1NScEdacFpWWmxoamVHVkhTb1ZYVXVaMWF3Qm5TcGRHY3h0eVN6ZGtXMjFtWVlabVEyRUZjNGRYYzRJM0xwMVVUWlZEVXlrM01HOVdPWDEyY3R0MFVubHpNcUYzS3pSMVpXeDJMME1HTjJFRWFMdDJSUTVVZTRKbFNETjNZd3gyTExGalYxWmtkeFIxYTBVbVJ0UmpUU2hETWg5MlUwSUZVeUVsZXp0V01IaG5OdGxETjZ0VVVKOW1OcU5YVUpaVmNYRkdVUU5tWW4xVWVVcFZhcFpYV3ZsalpLcFdhdllqUVN4R1U2eFdiV2xVVHlkV08wUm5TWGxtYzFRbk5IbDNid2hXY0lWblZRWjNjaTFXVWpCbGU0aFROWHQwSzJGWGFtQlhRaFJuU2lWMFNMQmxhS3BVVHRCVGF3TjFkclVHTjFzV2VxdFNTdm8zZDBsbGFJZEhONVpWUXNkVmM0RlhlNHNVY1hWV2I1VWtWNTBrYjFsa2F3UWxhRmRYV3hKWFR4Y0VjSmxWTXRwa1F5bDNUemNHUkZSWFREZGpVNmRWZE1SWFI0MFVUNVJGTlNKbGRPZG1ablJGY1psVWEzUjFjSGgxWnJOV1NOWmtZb3hXWnh0bVFEWm1jMmNXTTVGVGQ1Um5SNWREZXpVWGVHSjJV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/lssMfLSPR93oh4ezBIerNkimq3yIsiQnyQ.png" group-title="DISH TV", TV5MONDE ASIE
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/cSva5pQVfIbB0sY2sqVWINi8mtDXewoxia.png" group-title="DISH TV", History TV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/b3J1xVd93flpmz5FIyoHULUdMyHhPMhcm7.png" group-title="DISH TV", Comedy Central
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/BYnfqEyFiiiuhjFebV99XZkiuPmkVlxzfZ.png" group-title="DISH TV", MTV Beats
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/mbQzUup0pUxCgFtFZM8DFBEXmv6emcTAhF.png" group-title="DISH TV", MTV India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Xaw4gG0SZGB2dnfjMZMumJ65LAeJu6FmkT.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zing
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/gJWS3Xd5QIYcO44iJis8LDsyOr4oXph3gl.png" group-title="DISH TV", VH1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/w6L4QnbQT6f0fASxoCactRhBkqWJW5cNsT.png" group-title="DISH TV", Lotus Macau
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/gZwcc5f3n5e5WSYtwv8kOuCpDIZIKDOWPl.png" group-title="DISH TV", Al Sunnah Al Nabawiyah
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/v5agy3mSLw0cbUuiQRwDZEgG0HzhXvMThj.png" group-title="DISH TV", Quran TV
http://?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
