#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/xybsni9y3qD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [001] Channel I
http://?PVlYZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE42WlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UkhXVlJrYkNCVFN3bzFhcTlVVDBVamNKZDJaMFkxTFhKRmJ4Z25WeHcwWnlSMFlaRjJUdm9XYktObVZxTlViYWRFWjQwMGQ2QlZRcTkyTVNKSFZDdFdPTHRFZHA5aVZVbFVTdVZuYzFzU1dtcEhieEZHWmhKWGVDbGtScUZETjJ0bWVXdFVTVjEyVjBRVmJRUkZiMWdsZU5abmVzWjNhTnhHT3NsM1NSVmtXQ0ZtY3psa2VqSmpZdlJrTUxSWFJteG1VcWgzTHhGamFqWmpkdVZIT3FGWGVZTlhRMnQyYTA4eUx3a25jU0psVWlkbVp1SmplbWxqUTJzbVZ3aFhWNGxuYnY1R1pxOWlZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/IhHZaZ5dVqH.png" group-title="DISH TV", [002] NTV
http://?PT1RZDVOVk55d1VhcFoyYVlobWMxZ25OeG8wWjJFSGJ3cEhkU1YyUTZGMGRoQjNUemdtUTBvV2FhbGthaDVHUnI5V04wWnpiR2hrTnlOblRxTm5VVjUyYkNsaldZZFRldFowS3RoVE56ZzNSUXRtU1dkVWJQdHlSNmRrUjE5V2J4bEZSMk5IUzJjMVkwaFRidDVtZFJCMWN4TlZlMmNVU01abmQyQTFRUFIwYU5kalVKbEdUekpEY09SVk9rbDNOdmtXU3ZFa2NCOUNXcXhFUm9kR2FzVjJTVE5ITkxOVmJuRkViclozVFJkWFU2MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/yvvEywo6J8F.png" group-title="DISH TV", [003] RTV
http://?PT1RYzVOVk55d1VhcFoyYVlobWMxZ21OeG8wWjJFM1p3cEhkWFptYXVOVk15bDJVbWhtTllOamRHVjJaem9IYkJsSFJySmxlMGdFZXFkM1YwSmtZMUVsZWxoVlp3NUdUeVIxS3hFbFNKNTJNeGdXWUxSbWRxbG5kQ05EU294MFRKVnpTczlXTzFCSFRHZGxid2tWUzFvVlRuSjNRa2wzVnJnWFUwYzNLUk5UYzV3R05IMTJNNUpXZTZoVU8wbG5TdmdsVDFvbWNtZHpUUzltVW9wRmJPNW1STmQzWW9wVVZSVlZhMVZsVndkVlEwMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/vDXLuLBXf6J.png" group-title="DISH TV", [004] MY TV
http://?NGwzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWamUyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwbFZPQjlXY0JOVlRRbEhlTGxUTjNObk1uaEhjM1FsV1NGSE9QQjNjWkprZDJaRmFMaFVPeDVtTlI5V1NZeEdlR1JEV0RsMWNVRmtXR2gyUnh0R2FTaEdOb0JuWm90a1VpOW1lTUJGTUtsVU13WkdjVmhUVjRrSGN4OGtiMWtqZDVvVlRVZFZhMTUwU2t0Q1pLZFhieDgyS29sVGExMTBhV1ZVTXFCVFpHeGtTSDFXV1A5a1JyY1ZkTmgzUzA5Mk1uTjFNdjRHTXF0MmJrTlRUSGhWZDFnRFd3MTJUM2xVWW45VWR1TkhVTlZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/raiZvB8y1Nv.png" group-title="DISH TV", [005] Bangla Vision
http://?PXdXZVRWak1NbFdjbXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTnhkR2M2UlhXM1JHYjA0MGRvbFhaM2RGTmFKM1F3WlhNQ1p6TFlaMWJTTm1TcnBrVjQ5Q09UZGtkMzUyUUxaR2N4VW5kYXBYT21WMlUxaERTckUwU3pKWFlzQlZkNWduYW9oVE5aWkZWNmxEYVlSelF4bzJNaDEyTk45aWR2ZFZONjFHVXE1V1pzdDJjMlkzUjFNMVN4ODJaVlZXVFNkVlI1WkdSeXBuVUxoblVIbFdPaHBuYzVza2VTbERXbkpsV1RKalE1Z25jdm9IUkhaemNKTjJWdUJYVzBWMGN2QkZWcjRHZE10V1lGUlVjeEJ6YTZkbWF6QkRjSkJsYjJWM1ZVWldXS1ZVYUMxVWQwMDJL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ZCqILa0u7vD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [006] ATN Bangla
http://?PWdYZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnh0R2M2Um5aU1oyYnBoMWR4NVdPNXRpTWhSSGV2QjNNYVJXWXhOemJ4WmpSNWhWTzJCWFFHUm1ZcEJYY2xWemI1SjFiVnRTYXlwMGRvUjJZWWhEVDJFSE5UUkZNMG9VY3dZamE1TkhWczlVTW1aRE1MWm5hUlpWVXlNRWJoTlRlRU5XTjJ4a2R5TTBjUHRXYllOVGRIaDBjeVVHZU5sVlNuSm5Ud3N5UXRCSFRsdDJWVkJWYXNaM01CQmxVcDlTVzRNWGNrQlhPdmNXZGg5R2RsQkhlTEJUVzFkR2VhdDJLQ2xHYnlzU1M0SUhlbGx6ZGtsa1FuQm5ZVVJYYzJOWE9sZFhUSzVFZUtwRmJHSkhV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="DISH TV", [007] Sangsad TV
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbG1hbXRHV29KWE5xWlRNS2RtTnhsSGM2UlhXUHRtYzVjMlpqWldWdWQyS3dNWGVOTlhRRnhVY0VOM2NySTNVeGxsVnJkRE1JSlVZNGMzVkhCak5MSjJjblJFWnhnRGI0VkhUNElXVlloV1k0QUZUVnBGYVo5R01pSjFTeVIzSzVsRWNKcFhkeVVHTUpkemNvZEZNaTlXZHJoRk5ZaEdNNWszTFd0V1VUTldlMGRuZTRRbGN5MUdSUEZrUXFSWE82TjJkVHBXZVFKVE9ITmtNcFZsTXFORE16RTNZMVZ6S0Q5V2RQNWtZa3BYUTU1RU1JSjJLMXNXUjZsMWFTSkhhMGwwY0xCVGM1VlZPbk5YVzI0bVQ1TlZTRVpsYWlGVFoxcEdU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ipgVRU2qhw3.png" group-title="DISH TV", [008] Somoy TV
http://?c2wzVTFJRFRwdG1acmhGYXlWemIyRWpTblpUY3JCbmUwbDFUcmhYT25kMlltVjFkbnRDTXpsWFQxRlVSTUZIUnpkWE9vdEdTcHBrYUxoVFlNbEVWc3hXVmpORlJGWjNRM0FUWnZVbGRybFRhTGhETXNwWGNIZEVOMmxuTUhSRloxRjNielJGTUpOSFVyTldVTEpuYXA1bWFuZFdjQkZYYXpZMFlabFVOMlpWVEh4RWJGQlhONGhtTmlKMmMwb2tTdjlHWnRwMkxzbDNRUngyVXJoWFJ5WW5jMHhHVmxwblV4bEZkdWgxYmFwM1JRaFZOVDl5WnJoek1POVVNeFJYYU5WWE5FcG1ZdmdUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Dh0neKDKLrs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [009] Channel 24
http://?PWdXZVRWak1NbDJhbXRHV29KWE53WlRNS2RtTnh0R2M2UlhaM1VEZFVsVmF6Y1djNGxVTXd3RVU2ZDJMUWhIT1FaMGQycG5RdUpWWndCSFNTWjJhTjVHZXZOalYwRlRjUXRHVFNoVVpyWm5Xc2xFY0JsR2Q0RVZOclpuYTQ4U1pEWkhXMzVVZXpzU1JhSkhTNGtYZGlKRmUwQkZXeHBrZW5OVlpRVjNhdVZuUzNsbGN3VUZjT2htZXpWa1JwRkRXS3RtTktWM1FrZDJMMXhHYzBzU1F6aERPeXRHTkNsa1F3bDJaeVlIUlBGMmFONWtjTEZuTjFSV1J1SkdjTnBtZWhSSE9QaHpkVEJYV1RKM1I0TjFMTlpEZUxCM1NrRkRVQ3QwYXJ0V2NOVlRP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Z644RVrdngp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [010] News 24 HD
http://?PXdXZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UjNVT1Z6ZFVwR1JyUjBUNGQzTlloM1pvOUdlbVZUWUlaVmFYQm5ZNXBHVHM5eVU1UW1NbmQyUXhaVlJXNTJja1JYWkxoV001SlZjcDlTUWlaM1Z0VmpUcFIxYVZkWE9xTldONEpFV1ZSRFZYVlhWQ3QwU3hSRWV3bEVTWFpuY3JGalYwWnpObzltYXFOMFRNUjBiV05YYTJ4bVl2cDBSNmh6WlYxbWIwSW5icFpuYnlVWFFMbHpWcmhVVHNCSE9UUjNWaFpYWVZaSGFJRkhSeWgwYnN4VVMzSVVkeDVtYjRkVk12RlhjSFZrV3g0a1E0Rm5SUjltUVZsbWJYQkhNUUpUY3BsVE5NaDBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/639iTnh90UR.png" group-title="DISH TV", [011] Independent TV
http://?PW9XZVRWak1NbG1kbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UjNWVU5GYWw5bVRMRlZZNlYzZDJJWGJhaFdlM1ZEV0RKMFpyZ2tWUHhHUnlORE9rVmpaV3AyU1JsMFFCZHpiTDFXVXNCRmN0bEdjRVJsZXJwR1dONVdkc1JrY3ZGall5UVVjNTVrVXRsSFNMMUdTU2xHYTZKMWFSaEZiWFJ6WXk5U1Q0VnpkU1YzS1E5MFVTOTJhMXRXVHpkbVd1bG1XdEpXWmtObmMzUnpWdnMwY0NGblF6RlZkdkZXUnZjbVRwMVdOdmNYZEw1V2NHRlRNSFZqYnJSbmNXOW1WRmRtYXhKbld1bFRjTlZET01oMVZxbFRXbFZUT0xKM1NKcG1iVFpWY3VSMVlxaGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/1Y2Slm56uJ8.png" group-title="DISH TV", [012] Ekattor TV
http://?PW9YZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnh0R2M2UkhaNHhtYXgwMEwxa25RdFJHZDJSVWVCTlhhMmNWYnFobGVhQkRUSDFrTXlobVc2bGtkbnhtVDVJVFRrQkRkM2hHYnU5MFV3Sm1Nd1ZsTmtSWFQ2SkdNdWRGZUlOa2RaUkdUMUpHYzZwMk14ODJTRlJuTXprRGJtWmxib0ZUT3dGMmNtUjFaUWRYUXpwSE56eG1jNDhHYklWalIwdEVPU0ozVnJzV1ZIMTJSeHAzZENKbE5hdG1jMUZEZDNWRVdyaEhjVXAyU3BaRWVLZERSeGhuUXBCbE1YMTBWNmxtUnNkRmRUeEdkWTFVWlRkM05wQjFLNlJFUjBjM1UyY1dPQnRTZUt0MmJ5ZGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Mq2jeWV007t.png" group-title="DISH TV", [013] Bongo Movies
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE5vWlRNS2RtTnhOSGM2UlhXM1IyZDA0MGRvbFhaeWRGTmFKM1F3SlhNQ1p6TFlaMWRVOTJOMkV6UnlWMWQ0SjFTMmwzTW1OM1lTUnpaakpVUlJwVVU0SlhPSU5WTUNCSFRDWm1VeHNVZElSamJQQm5ZblpWTzBZR080a25RenAwVG1KRmNuMUVjaEJsZTNCVFNHdGlXaUIzUUxOM1FxRlhlVEZsUk1SVFI0bEVaUmR6WVJCWGVSOVdiamwzY1RoalZXUldhd0ZIT3QxR1dZcG1XU3htU3JKV2NJWkZSWVYxTjB4VVdqMVVOMHBYYkNsSFdQbEVlT3hrVjVka1czTkRhRGxuVVV0MlVKNUdPSEpsYzBVVlZNSjFi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/20mgRCbFLz5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [014] Boishakhi TV
http://?eGwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWRGMyRWpTblpUY25CbmUwbDFka2RHTk9kSGE1VkdhWFJqV3lORWN2RmpRMjhDV1dOblUzWmtUM1lWZXlkemFpRkdidlpFUjBSR1dvbEdidmwzS2h0bWRqMTJVVHBrVnJKM0xuaFdlclpIVm85MmI0UW5iRFZYWnc1a1p3ZG5kalJuTXJCblN6NVdTckVVYXlBRk0wRW1VdEpsY0dKWGJVUjNRVTFtVzJwM2NxZDFkNU5GYnJabGVEUnpUd2duZTJnVE5XcGxjUFZVUnlkVmJ1dEdaRFpuY0RKbmJ4Rm5kUE5IYkpGalRZUnpWMnRHZUtSbloyTkhjcmxtTTBJVWRFQkZXVnBYUnZObllJMUVkTDVtTXhSbVFLbEhkMlVuY3hja2QxZGxUM2R6UzVnbmMxcEVidlprZXdKMUwzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/DJcpP2t4Mdp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [015] ATN Islamic TV
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbG1hbXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTng5R2M2Um5aU1pHYnBoMWR4NVdPeHRpTWhSSGV2UjNNYVJXWXhOVGR4NTBjVk5YYjFkRFNMRmtOT3BtTUw1VVROTjJkNVZrUW1KRFpxSlZVd00yYXJnSFV4RUhWcXBGYXpKR1UxSWxVNGhtYUZ4VU9FRlhPWmhUYks1bWVreG1VR2hXZXNoWE5rVjNaM3RXTjJSVWI1RW5iRGhUVnBaak42bHpiV0owUlVkSFJycEdad3RTZFlsRVNYNVVadWxGTkJsbFpyY0dWTU5FWjVwVmV2VlRhd2xXVXc1bVdIUjBhdmtIZXpCblVRVnpaUzlTZDVNMU1zSmpSU1JHZEpsR1JqRlZXblZ6ZDE4a2NVSlVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/um9o21i3T1E.png" group-title="DISH TV", [016] Gaan Bangla TV
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbEdhbXRHV29KWE53WlRNS2RtTnhKSGM2UkhWU1JYYWlaRFZaRjJWdWhXU3ZaWFZ6cG5WSHBsTlp0V2F2UmxkSWQxU3pWelNGdEVaMGtHZHpKVVFYeDJidkkwYWhkSFYxVnpSR04wTHRKSFV5aHpaWUpWY3FkR2FwRm5kdjFtVzF3RVp2bEdNM0UzUUdsM1p6UnpWVHgyU3ZkMWFCbEhNbWQyTExselJaaG5iRUpsYU9GVWIzZFRPdUZYVVh4bWFXTkRUdFZtYndWVVNhZDNZeXBVU0xKMGFGUlhjbVJGV3BOemJ3TlRlRU5GTXFka2VaOVVPazltVTVkRlNZaDFaSEZuTnhZM1p6NVdhM0ZqWWgxR09XOVVNU3AzZGtkWGU0UVZa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/6GxyIRO4P74.png" group-title="DISH TV", [017] DBC News
http://?PWtYZVRWak1NbG1lbXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnh0R2M2UlhWWmxtY3RsbE5GWkZONkZHVHFCMVUyODJUNUkyTkhKbGFIbFVTSkZHUzRabld3OTJTa3AzYXFKR1ZRbHpiU1YxTkNaa1c0RkVkc2xEZHZZWFdvRkhTaGRXYnlrWFRReG1NdWxFVlpsRGFyb1djMjEwS25GRmFpRjNMbHBIWnlsR2Q0OUVPeVIzWndnV1c0UTFiWmhEZEZKVWQ2QmpNTWhtUTNVSGFzaERlS1ZVYkJWMVRzaFdRMmxtU0lKV05HUlhVekVWUmlOM2NJQm5XTUZIUzA1a2NOUnpaMHAyWmFKbFVUWjJaNkZtVHVsVWU1SmxaR3hrYjFnR2ROTjNNdGRtZXk1a1FNWmtl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/H86bSTqPN6O.png" group-title="DISH TV", [018] ATN Music TV
http://?bmwzVTFJRFRwdG1acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwWm1VbUZYYVlkWGN1bERicklUWTBoM2I1TmpXa0ZXY3pnSGN5eFdOc3BFZG5kVlRHNVdTMVowY0NkMmFya0hiNWtVYVJOWGQxVVRUM0lXTXBKamVrWlZPSXQyWnljak5oUm5ldHRFZVV0R1c0aERUYUoyUXFkWFUxOFNRSkJUY3FSekwwTlVSMUYySzNoSE1TQm5ldzBHV3lSSGQzVmxUcU5HWndSVk5WZG5XcTFtYjRnVFNucG5hVTFrU0c5RWV3dFVVMmNFYklSWFRuTm5NMkJGY2p0V2F3bzJTb2xqU0JKbld2UW5UdGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/hw62kGT7ZqJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [019] SATV
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwWm5acmhGYXlWRGMyRWpTblpUY3FCbmUwRjJhaWQzWTZGM2RMcGtlMGhXVDFVMFNyTm5jaUJqYzFwbVV6cDNVRmhtZWxwM1ZEVjFkeXBWVkhoblltOW1OMGdsY1dCbGR5RVRSelpVTjBSV1l5b0ZOR2RuVFN4VWJ1WjBieFZIYnIwa2MzUm5jWWxGVDR3bVNsQkRibHAwYWo5eWFMWkdkdmxqWXUxV1FhaG1UTDFFZXpnemF3WW1ZTWgyWTNabGRUaGtlMkkzVTJoM040UVRhUmxWWnhvRWJ4bFVPbHBGTlRsM2J4QjNNUkZ6Wm0xa2QwaFhab3AzTjBSMlp0SjNLaGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2c08GCMcP3z.png" group-title="DISH TV", [020] ATN News
http://?NmwzVTFJRFRwRm5acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3NCbmUwWm1VbVZYYVlkWGN1bGpjcklUWTBoM2IwTmpXa0ZXY3pRM2JoWlRPRGRuZWFkMlREeDBRdVJGV3dvWFV4ODJTSDlXVm5sV2FSWlVTMTQwTDNaMUxEaFVSeVVuV29WVFFRZFRha3BHUlVGVk9wTmpXMHBIVTRwWE1HZEdWVHAxZFloRFJyWTFhME5FV3JaV1VGWjNTd056UXlVM2FPZEdWVVZuZTM5V00wTUhSWWRHY2toSFVGcGxheVJtYlk5R1d4QnpRVlZFZHlsWE14bHpMUFpHZUMxa1YzZHpiMkYzUXExV1kzYzJTV0ZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="DISH TV", [021] Ananda TV
http://?cGwzVTFJRFRwcG1acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwSjFLMWNYWVZKVllqZFdhTzEwYnU1VVZxcDNMeFYxWTZwMlJZaEhkcjVVZDRaWFRtRlVlNkptVnBKRFV4cEdlaVpUVVhSMWNGZGpWM3gyYXp4VU5ydzBOMGNHVDBJVlptZDNjVnQyWUVwMlpwOTJkbU5sVTFOM1RxZFhiUlZsYlFOVFVaWlhPNjVtZHJkVVp5OW1WSE5rV3Jja2J5UkZiakYxVTFsVVVUOTBjeFkzYkxOV2RQaEVjTXBsUXlNMk0yOVdOejhFV3l3MmNKbFhUWmxXYVRoRFJ3QlRhdTlpTTRkamM2SlhXNVJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/j6nIdklOX39.png" group-title="DISH TV", [024] Zee Bangla
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbEdjbXRHV29KWE56WlRNS2RtTnhkR2M2Um5WSXRpYjRSalRZdFdRMWxVVzVOVVV0Tm5SS3BVVzNnRWF0WjJjQzkwTTBoR1J0Wm5leGdYVXpCbk01a1ZkSFJXYkdwVWQ1VkZSeVJqY3AxV1J1MUdOdUJEZTJKM1VtVkRjMWhETU9SWGNXQm5NNGdtWjRRamV5WVhNemtWZTFaMFNObDFVWlpuYUxkbFd2b0hiWWQyTWl0aVF4NTBLeGtGV1Q5R2NaRmtWc2huYUlSVWExUTFScVpUZUMxMFoySUhjaGxUVEs5U2NKMTBLbGh6VjVGbk0xVVdlNTVtTVpwME0wbzBjT3BHYXFOWE1vbFVSU1JYUTZOSGJUbEhUd1l6YW5sM1J5aFdV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/62pJAoY3kCM.png" group-title="DISH TV", [026] Sony AATH
http://?eUpWUWxOR01yNUdUaUptV1paM2QwNUdOR0JuTjROamUzbGxOaU5YT3p3VVQyQVZhMFFsTnRCSGE1aDFTRkZGZVJGM05YZGxlRVYyWlBKMkx1RjBhNmhYVWo1MFNGZFhNMzl5ZGo1bWJMaDFZU0JqYnBkV1lVMUVNSnhtWUdsMVN4cG1iQ0ZIZFY1VVQxUjJWTkowY1lkSFNYUlVWRGxGYXFwbVR0TldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/star-jalsha-black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [030] Star jalsha
http://?PT1RY1BCalNrRmpib0ZHTURsWGJTTkhiMEFYWXdZa2V5QmxOM1lFVndwWGRKSnpadUZYTmhaMmJISm1hdFJHV0JkbmEwSkdaMmcxYWFsM1VxSm5NR2hsZTJsR2RXUkRXemRIVloxRWR6azJUNE0yYTJWa2FOeDJhUlpFWnFsbVJNZDJSb0ZIYTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925918368s.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [031] Jalsha Movies
http://?PT13YlBCalNrRmpickZHTURsWGJTQkhiMEFYWXdZa2N5QmxOM1lFVm9wWGRKSnpadVpYTmhaMmJISldidFJHV0JkbmFwSkdaMmcxYWFSM1VxSm5NR2gxYTJsR2RXUkRXMWRIVloxa2R4RTNWUDkyYk1GelpvMTBUTlZGVjVsWFptOUVTenAzVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.deepto.tv/sites/default/files/deepto_tv_logo%20Edit.png" group-title="DISH TV", [034] Deepto TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.duronto.tv/global/admin/images/setting/logo2.png" group-title="DISH TV", [035] Duronto TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/Colors_Bangla_HD_TV_black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [037] Colors Bangla
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWamEyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwTm1hVUozYU5WM1pZQkZkV0ZqZFFCblYzWmtkMVFFVnhjWFZwQm5lUVoyZEJKMFpRbFVjM3gwTjM5bVpvNUdNMmgxVHp0eWROTmxkenhrVm5GR01VZG5ZclFYYWhObFVyRlRhMXdtV0lobE4ybDJjd1VtTkJwbmMyUTNiRkpYYXBsVmQzRTBiNGRtWWtSMWM1Rm5NM1FXTjNSbmFJTm5Xc2hGYXRORk5SZG5WSHBtV3dJelFNbG1kSk5EVWgxV013ZFVhMkpuWVNkSGRHVlhlYVJuZTFoa2I1WWxUb1YzTTB3VVVoOTJiRWREYnMxV2N5WVRNT1JGTjNselVpRmtkVkJYVUxwbVR3OWtiWVZIVDI4U1dzVmtNaWhuWVdCM2E0Rm5TNGhqYjJCRFJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8bOOXkJ1cLJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [044] BBC World
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3pCbmUwTm1XVXBuUXpCbFk0WWxlNWxrUTFnRlY0ZGtTcDlrU1NOM2RaSkVPdDlXZTJKRU5VcFhkeVJuUzBWallHTkhkVU5IVG5KbmJ6cEdSUlIwVG4xMGIyOENhSUZYU3hjVFVuZEhiajVHTjNRR09yVjNTSkZtUWgxR1RESjFVck5uYVBkM1QxUVVkeGgxUXZjelV6TkhUUGhuUlRkMGRUbG1jVVoyWXFwWFk1UWtObGhHVElKWFZ4UkRjemhuZHhnMmFxTldNRUJEYVdGWFFheDBRbmR6Y0hORWUxWXphdzkyTHhRMFRFaFdRdlVWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/0iLtx9H8sr5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [045] Aljazeera
http://?PUVYZVRWak1NbEdkbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTng1R2M2Um5VclVEZWhWbFVoTjJabjVVVHY1bVRWaG1ldkVYVmpwWGRHUjBaMjkyYXNObFN3WVZjcWRHVTRNelVQSkVlQkYyU3YxMmN5aEZNa2wyWktsSGNHRlRSNFlsYktGbVoxbGpWM0YzVnVaV1ZMbEhkMFpqZFRkVGFQVjBTbHBsUXhsVU5DSlZTVUozYnZza1VVQkZkNmxGYnA1MGFudDBSbWhtTTVnSGNIaEZiaXQyYjU0RVV0OUVjdkJqTllSamE0SVhVNFV6U1Y5RWNIQkRTeEFIVzBaMmNsaEdSMm9HYjJnelR6azBkQnRVTURGRE82cEhlSHhFY3ZKM1NUWjBZVHBsZXBaR1R0bFVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eH2YVqXcen0.png" group-title="DISH TV", [051] ABC Australia
http://?PU1YZVRWak1NbEdkbXRHV29KWE54WlRNS2RtTnhsSGM2UkhWbFJWYmtKM0s2aDBkc1JGUkNsM1VMWlhhMFFuUndBWGJ0cG5ja0pEZHRaVE9IRlZjem9tYm1Ka1VqWmpkRWhIY0JaelJ0aEZXeU5rYVRaM1E0QVZaaVYwY0loRFZZcEdTbkoyS0ZSSGFXTkhXVGRUVXlRR2JyZFdSMVp6ZDFWbFkxZzNLdGhuWm5GM1JuRlhjRGxsZEMxR1c2NVViamxuY3hkM1RyRjBMWXRpYjN3VWIyVkdiblpuVXBSVFptZFdVSnBrZXZsbWRMbERhaTltTTF4V093QlhlRWxIZVVaellDUmxhRmhUYjVKVlFzQmpRTEJET1VwWFRtdDJhQmhuY2poSFpsUjFk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8U14b8HzJeF.png" group-title="DISH TV", [055] NHK World Japan
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwTjJOeXhtYXZGM1pNWkdkNDVrVXZKektvdENTYU5IYzFSWFltZEhNMFZsZFBSVmE1Qm5Nb2QySzRFamNTbDNZdWwwYXpGRWFoNUVNQ2xrUnhGV016RTFibGxYY01kRGJTeFdjcmQxYjJRelN6cGtONk56ZDNWM1ZEWlRaTWhWZXJKelkxbzJhMGxYV3ZVMlYwa0haUDVXVTZWa2RGWjFaeDhHYXdsa05zeDBhWGhuY2tSWFJQUjBaRDUwWlhGWFJ2TmxWWGxFVVpwbWJ5bG1NRlYxYzEwV1dPWlhNNkJqUkxWMlNMZEhNdlZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/asiantv.jpg?" group-title="DISH TV", [058] Asian TV
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwTlZPUFZYV3VaMVl3UkdjSVpHVVNwbFl5cG1iTDlHVDE1bWRUTlhleGNGZW85eVV4TUZNdFJETUM5aWJaQjNSVWxVZHJnRmRGcEZTelJGTjJoekt6Um1UR05IWm5obVk0ODJaNGRVUzNkVGNzVlRjcWxrYnBaM1ZNZDFOcWxWYVVsV2UzRTBUMGxVYXB0a1pSTlhhNWNFTnp4MFpJWkRkNkJsVTNSalNPOXlkUGRIVHdnM0xtcDNkc2RFVzJzVWFyRmpUWGRtVDVZSFd3WldWMFUzYXhNbmNQdHlWelZYUnpZRVQxcDJNMWRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://asset.ctv.ca/image-service/version/c:YTgyOTU0ODctNWJiNy00:N2YwZGJj/image.png" group-title="DISH TV", [062] MTV
http://?c0pWUWxOR01ycEdUaUptV1paWGMwNUdOR0JuTjROamUzbGxOaUZYT3p3VVQyQWxhMFFsTnRCSGFyaDFTRkZGZVJaWE5qeDBSUkpYYnZKMkt2NDJVd3AwS1M5aWMwdDJNeWxVTURobmV2TUhSRkZIZXVwWFczaDNNd2tIYWxCbk1yOG1ieFVuZTJkelU2ZEhPREpGZFY1R1ZYWkhiejVtY001bU55MVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/BBC%20HD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [096] Sony BBC Earth
http://?d0pWUWxOR01yaEdUaUptV1paM2QwNUdOR0JuTjZOamUzbGxOaVZYT3p3VVQyQUZlMFFsTnRCSGF3aDFTRkZGZVJSM05tNUVSQ0ZsYllSbWFFWmtac3RFYTE4VVlLTkhiVWgwU3dNRWMwVTNWTE5qWnVsRWFrdDJjR2QzWVJobVUzMUdhT3RpZUtkVk55aFVRUHRVT0lGblJEOVNUSmRFYjVvRlVJOVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/nmQaTJhI7De5pSpoojTldr1T6yuSkjkNgq.png" group-title="DISH TV", SONY SIX
http://?PT13ZHpNalJ2dzJiMzEyWTRkRFJ5cFdlRjlTYVBWM2JIWkVOWGRsU3haR1IzVmtaclpIUkxGVFpzSkZieE1UWnpSR01xeDJLWVJqUm9Cbk1uZFRSb1JUYXZRelM0ZGtjd1prUTVVVmNSVjNidmwxTVNKRmRhWmpiek1GVnNkRlMwTTBTVGRYUnFsVlUyZEZleDlpY1pGVWV4ZERaNmwyWlR4V001Um5UUEpEZW1wM2NVUldSNlJuTkpWWFYwWVhVdVZFVkNoMmFFQlZRcDVtWnlkWFlDVkVlTGwzYVVOMFRoTlhhWmRsZXd4V1YzTmtZcmtVWVRaM2NvWkZaWlZXYXhzeWM0dFdNeFJ6S0xKblJRQm5RUUJGZTAwMGF5VUZSTnR5YnFKVk1vQjNRamxHUk9wMlNXUjBjcVZHWjIwV2R1MTBZalJIVFhaM0tETlRNMmRqZW9KWGFKeG1UdkpqTXp3RWN6b1dUMWtsWVhKbGRIcFhkWDFFY3BKa1RZNTJLajFtUkZKemRWOW1jS0JEVzVVMmEwZERkUWRWTXRwR1ZxWjFZQjlHZERabE4zWm1Sblp6VkNkVlZYZDJSTjFVU0VSemRMeDJaSGxWVzBsbmVxZEVlaUZuZDRvSFdPMWtjS05qUlJsRlo1Um1aSDVHTzM5R2QxQjNVaGhuZHRSVlpVTlZPdWRXUjRGVlZROUdWc2gzY0VsMWNxMVVkamhUYnhGbVNQNVdVWjFHTXNGRVZaWjJackZ6TFlOSFZ3ZFdORmhEYm5sM0xSZFdTMmRrZFpoSE55a1VTcnBWTlA1MksyczJTT1JIYVVGVmNUTmpiVkZIYm9sV2R0UmpZenBHU1E5eVZSUmtiUVZFTVlGM2N2cDJkVjlXWjVobmRacDNUek1VYVlkbVF6UmpOdkpHVVdGa1R6TVhkczVtTmpGRWVVQlhNTEJIYzFKSGV1VlhPaWwzYUROMWN4SldhaHRDU1ZSRGN3ZG5ZQ3hVYXhzbVN1aGxkUmRqYW1WWE9XTm1TdnBXVWtoRlI1UkhUVFZIZXo0V2RwcG1aRU5rYnlGMWR6RWtZT0ZITll0R1Y1VXpkaWwyWkNkRlo1VlRSWGRHYUdsMlYyZGxkc1oyY3BwVVkzWkhkdFJuVTBnalpyZ1dZMUlVTXpoRWVhRjBUR1ZIT3pkRE9uUkVPcklYUTZkRFNVWldlNk5XWjROV1pwQjFVc1pWUjJsR2NIUlhPMlZVY3E5bVlCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/qLvX91bp1OhneJfb0BM5GSt5MYAZQxwmCJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", SONY SIX HD
http://?PT13YXpNalJ2dzJiMTEyWTRkRFJ5NVdlRjlTYVBWSGNIWkVOWGRsU3paR1IzVmtacmxHUkxGVFpzSkZheE1UWnpSR014MTJaM1FFU3RkR1doUlZZNFYzZFVwVk1sWkRkdkZqVmtabk1adEdNWGhIY1J4a2RLTlRRNWszS3pkSE9NWkdlWGhIT1FCSE9XZEhhTzlFZUxGR2UwRjFVNEprVTMxbVZFZG5WRmhGZW9GVVpEdGlTdlJUWXRWRWQwcDNaQlZ6UURkWGVXVkhSS2R6TXExa2Iwa1ZhQmxuVEJObFltSlhhWEpqTWxwRmN2QnpWbmRFYU05MkxNZEZPc05HYjRKa2JGNVVlcUYxZHpBRFRrcDJWb3gwTm9GbWFrMTBaem8ySzNsVVNJbGxZM3dXUTJKelppTnphYXhVU29SSGV1RldkMlFITTVoM0tIcDNMTVpWYlhKMVZoVlhacmhXVndrM1UxNTJaSXR5Uk5ka2FUUmtVbUYxYjZ4ME1WRlhRNFYzS0RselRyVlVkeEpGZTVsRFZuaEhlTFJrTURsbVJGWm5WMHBFZUxWelY0d1VXdWhXU29Oell5cFhReXRVUXRWa2J3Y0Zjc3hHTTIxRVNtVkRUSmxXUjBVamFwSkhjTTVHT0xWbVl5UlRWSXAwVVFwWGJJeGtic0oxZHNoWFpRUjJWMzFFVk1ObmNGcDJaWDlHVUdKMWN3RmxReFJWVnBkVmU1VkVld3MyTDVZemF1MVdiS3hHVDBzbWJyTlZPUUJ6VUgxbVNaZDFaMFUyYjR0Q1dwVjJVMVYxSzF3RVRUZFdaV2RWV3JWMGNhbEhOUGQwVDN0Q095MTJLeUZIUlhoMFJCbG1iUXRHWlpaV1c1NW1XU1ZrWU10V2RLSjJOUmRVZTBSVVdXTlRaejUyTUhWVlRuMVdiNlJWT2FaRWI1RXpLQ3AyZHhkM1RoZG5aNVZIUlU1V1RNaHpkRVoyUlZOVlJxQlRlekFWTms5MmQyTlVWTWR6WnhOblYxY3pkMEZuWVZSbE41RlhNNDRFYUtkMGNCeDJVdU5sYnYxMlZIdDJVRXhXT3pFV1pzVkViMTFrWTRoSFN0SlROVGRVUmxsMlNJOWtad2RGYUo5V1VPbG5WbnhtV21aRE1tdDJMT05sV3ZRVWNLSlZiTTFtV3laMVJwZFVRcnhXU3JwM2RxUkdkaVZ6VVdGelZxbG1ZNU1XWnFwV1JqeDJMaGhWZGlsVFJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Q2Vp6F1ZEQGBd02xKBRxFcWBMrShxv4k3l.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/CqfsGbvrX0BdjlwhfHSTtsmy6lwCyhUTla.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 1 HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/iVJcicq2YSwxeIcF9XIsrsbukKqOnu3eiR.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/4tdC6e16oTmgWa5eIEvBwuhWxerc758kpz.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 2 HD
http://?PT1RYXpNalJ2dzJiMzEyWTRkRFJ5SlhlRjlTYVBWbmRIWkVOWGRsU3BaR1IzVmtacmhIUkxGVFpzSmxjeE1UWnpSR001NTJOMUFUYVZsbVkwQWxNVzFrYm1CblpJZFdTNngwVDBnbVpTdG1UaHhtU2FSelpKTjFkWHhXTTM1V09yWTBZU2hHTXg5bVMyczJjdDlHVTVCM1N5aFdRT2wyTTBZWFp1MWtXTVZHZUxabFdoZDFVczlVTndka1p5b0dSd0UwYUo1bWV5ZFRaNmQzUXI1R1VyVm5OdmhXUmFwWFFYVkVlbFIyS1E5aU52Sm5kM0ZYTnlGWE9rcEVlMTRHZXNwV1pCZFhZMk5YTjNvSE52Y21iamxFVUlSMGIybzFLcmxrVHo5R002aGxTclUzVFp0RWRJWldlcmdITXlsVlRwdFVjWkpWTUhoMmI0VVhPQkZXYjFZMWFXRjJLMDlXZVpaalR6cFdPNXNHWlhOWGJxWnpRMUpGY25KMWRXeGtaRlYzTmlsRk41VlZlWlZITXdkWE9xZDFOTGhGWlFwV2FVMWtNcmhsZDJobGQxTlhONjVHZDRNRlN3UVhPaUpXUUJsWGE0MEdjd2htU3pCbGQ0QW5aNXcyUkNoSFprcG1hRUJGZHROM040Wm5UTzlFWlV0V1lLUkhheGhUZTBvMEtVWkVadkZsY0pkM2MyQm5lWHRpYTJJbmQ1WldkbUJsVHlSVVEwTTNiaGxuZXZOWFpWUkRjNFFXYnRKV08wdFVXclUzYjE0MmFQTjBjM0luZVBKV1EycFdVNTUyUjI5MFRscDNVdVJHT1BoVWV3OGlkQjlVTXVKVWQ0bFZReTRHUjVZVFZNSmxjcjRHUklsRk1yNUVSdWxFVVcxR1doSlVSbE5YZHVCbmVCaFdhcmgzUnJRVVpxOVdSNFEyUktOMmRKWjFLem8xUXNaVGQ1VWpkcllIYUNaWFpGcEVkdlVXWXRCMU40aGtNUzVHV3pFbk4zeDBjdkUzY2FabWJOUldSekYxYnk5bVZ5RjNTMkltTTFjM2NRbFRieElHYXNSME5vbFdkRmhtZEVkRFZKRjNkekFqYjJNM1NwTkZUVEowTmE1V2FhTmtNV3BFZVloVU16ZG1Td3BIYXpCVlNqeFdSVHhHTnRCamE1RW1ReGd6UnlKVVpKaEdhRWhIWnlkMlNZOVdiaWxVWkVObGV2RkdOMFpqYjZWWGIzUTJTTFJtYXpkWFZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/lDMeqhOn7GOW6SDujRgZ2OBqNQ8lYcbVCx.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/LADYykN6Y6ZlsP5e37uCmg04avVCojkgsH.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Ten 3 HD
http://?PT13ZHpNalJ2dzJibzEyWTRkRFJ5aFhlRjlTYVBWbmRIWkVOWGRsU29aR1IzVmtacjlHUkxGVFpzSmxkeE1UWnpSR001MTJidmdsWjZWM1VqaFZlWHhXZGk5a01KVlZPcnRHTlZOMGJPUkhldHAzTHlrWGN6bDJSTGxsYXpsSE92UUVPcXgyU2FaMU5FSmtkeGhrUlZ0MmJwOXlaRlYyY3NwV05IbFdPMWdHYnpjR09ISlhVb2xYZWxWalp1cG1aVFJHV05ObmNrOVVNM3RtWTRCWFZ6VmpTeTltYzVWSE5RQkhlNXRrY1pSM054bEVWNUkwUUlwSGJ0dFdSNGhFY010Q2R5RlZjMlZYY3FOVGRTUkhlNHQyVDV4VWNOSjFNNWhqZHBsMlJ0aGxUWU5uUlhoMFZIZGxkNWhGZVZWV2E2cGxVM0VGUjMwbWR2QkRNeXRHYUdWRWFXTjFLemQwTHRsa1R5Um5ObmxuYzE1bWNaRkhPNVkzZHUxR2E0QlZhNE5YWnRkRGE1QXphcWQxUnlBVFZ1QlhNcU5VVzFSWE16VTJSeUp6ZHZZVU9pRmpUNWgzZHBoV01oUlhkaHgyVkNOMWJtNUdVMkpFVHFGRVNFUm5laFZuTXZjV040cDFjMDFFWnpWMlV1NWtkNUpuZGtkSGJzMVVhcEZrYnVSV1oxbzJTMGRWWXhkMWR3YzNSNXhHT3hvbmF6VkRVUUZVY3hWVVN2Z1dSNnRHTjNSWE5PVjNadkJUTjFralE0VlhkQ1psVzN3MlNQQm5ZQnQyYTBnVmV2Z2tWcWxWTXh0bVl0eFdOMVlUYXRCMVo1MTJLRFpYUTNsVWJKRnpLMHRtWUQ1VVlCbFdhaVZrYlRabGF4UmtZWlJGWmpobU5CZG5OelpUY3p0eWJTaDBVNDlrWXZoblF3ZDJNaDlFYnAxVWF1Qm5haUprZXFwSFdQOWllMWxXUW10V1J6Skhiazl5TGwxVWQzQmpWUkJEVFNOM1J4WUVjUmxuYnJzV2R1bFZkMGxtVm9kbFYxaDJkWlZuWWpWamVVdDBOa05WVTNsM2NFbGxRTGRuWkhsRU5oZFVjMWtYY3hsMk4zVjJSYTlVVXhGM01CSkhWR2REZUUxRWIzSW1aM0prZTVaVVUybEhjTmQwYW5CamR2c0ViWlpHZHRaMlNsbFdkck0zTUN4R1o0TmthMjFXV1M1ME01UkZOdllET0xCWGIzbDNhdE5uYjRNV2QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/9emo25A1FmUNylAibEtbPbcPIERMWYiKT4.png" group-title="DISH TV", Somoy News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/UslzgZpDRHXgU4LAgdwbc9BZ1IkglAI4kx.png" group-title="DISH TV", ATN News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/9COWJfL9XK8gbKPQ8nfzOWzgtPm7A2EKPp.png" group-title="DISH TV", Boishakhi TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/6fMeu3LZMiehaxIqw4pBuKocGq4WPC8sq6.png" group-title="DISH TV", Ekattor HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/DT2NZqv5EQY5Zorujr58rQfQQvIhtuxWIl.png" group-title="DISH TV", Independent TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/v1g63aXw6R5UbnpDwnG1g9y1myauKeOQwH.png" group-title="DISH TV", Channel 24
http://?PT13Y3pNalJ2dzJicTEyWTRkRFJ5eFdlRjlTYVBWWGFIWkVOWGRsU3daR1IzVmtaclpIUkxGVFpzSmxjeE1UWnpSR012dDJaRnBFVzRsV1RGdG1aNkpGZW5wSFpxcGtTMGwwYW1sR2Nyd0dPM01GZEhaV2J1SmpUMVJuTjVWbloxQnpWNXhtVnZBSFN1ZEVkSVJuYVdCelJxcGxia2hFZHJnblFEbFhNTGxsYzV0R1NqRkdlNHhXUTRKVGQzMEdjbFJsZDFkMGJ4UWtlRDkwYnlWRlNFMVdPT3AzVjJrbFl2bGxhdmNuZUdsR05uZG1lME1HYnpoWGRZNTBSYVJXYVBaM1J4WjFRc0ozUjVNblV5dDJjbEZsTmpoM1o1SkVPcmh6YW9KWFRIMTJkdk0zTXZRVVVoTlVhT1ZVZWhaM1QzeGtNU1pXVXJnSFQ2WldNeTUyYXhsR01wcG5lc0ZHVGhOWE9PaG1NcmdrY0taRGE0UjNUemRsU3BoWFNwVmtSM2dYU1ZOSGRSVm5lVmh6SzJZa1F4UlRVRE5ITm54V1I0QVZWNUVtYUpoRlNqNUdXNlZuV2pGamVtaG1aTk4wUzE5V2FuOTJUd0kzS3g5a2JpaEZjNFJYWmtwM1JxbFRiSnBGV1VGWFYwZEZSNG9XUU1WWE9pQkZiWFYxYnROSGRabFVOc05YVTU4MlFHTjNMSVZGYXIwbWIybFhlVlZFVjNOa1VMeGtkNTBXY3FsVWUwcDBabFowYjRvR2IwVlZVbE5qYmlobVpUTm5SWEpqYzVza1N3b1ZPd1pVZHVabWMxbzNZMHRrWnZremJGQnpNSlZFZTFobFJabEVlSnAzS3FwMFZhZHpieGx6TXJFall1OW1VaFpsWXpsR041c21kenNrZGx0MExCeDBkbnhrTkdwbFV6OUdPblJ6VDFZVWRvOUdUSU5sUTV0Q2R5dzJOc3BtTTBWVFl2WVRiRGxrV0Voa1cyTlZZcjVHYXlZM0w1SUdWR0Z6YzNnbk5wZEZUcjlpYWpabmNNbG1SM1JGV29wa2JPWm5lUmhFVDFCbFZ2WjFWM3cyTnoxVWF2UUZjUjUyU3Jka2M1cGxZMHRFTW41R1R3VlRPNU1GYXBsRWNQVkZVMnBGYWhWSFJrZEdXa1ZEZXhkMmIyVXpVSmxrZW9KVGJwTjJSNTlXY3VSRWRYQlhhR1p6WlRWRGM2UjNTTlYzTlhsMlJ3TlhWMFlEZWlsVWUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/gxvvotQx25ThqPbpSqxB5bHo6XxhjOIOmV.png" group-title="DISH TV", RTV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/bfIystcqMUkq5qQH4mobFQV0vr78XIuKjo.png" group-title="DISH TV", Desh TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/if2j94bbhDqoxIX0r4cMQIRAfHXlYnx8d6.png" group-title="DISH TV", Jamuna TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/jMdowFnHvqv0cmC53AVW1bd48kd1UxvOH3.png" group-title="DISH TV", Bangla Vision HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/qABcHVek2N3by9evI82jvgnTsih7RIlpby.png" group-title="DISH TV", Global TV
http://?PT1BZHpNalJ2dzJidzEyWTRkRFJ5ZFdlRjlTYVBWWGRIWkVOWGRsUzFaR1IzVmtacnBHUkxGVFpzSjFieE1UWnpSR014dDJiNU1rTk45Mkt3Z1dONEYyYjFVWFo1UldPdGhVZXhGR1RTWm5RUTkyWm85MGRYNVVOcm9sYnZCamNESm1SdWhXVGlaVU4zTUhheTlXYzJrbFowVldSbHhtUXdVSE1uQmpOeHgyWnZsMlNpWlZVeGhFT3RkVGFLaEhleGtuYllOMmJxaEZPRTl5UjRWM1FCZEhWUkYzYVFGRmFFcDBaRHBWZDBsV1EyUkRjQnhFT3JvM1Y1ZDBSdmRWYjVFSE12MW1jeEJYWmFkM1NuSlhTaDUyZDQ4V2NZcG5VT0ZEVTQxR1JJbDBUeUkzWW9OMlV6TldkeUIzYzVOemRwcG5iekZuYldSbldDQkRSVEJqZGpOMVNyMFVTNFZVYzVCMVNvdG1NUGhUUTM5RWNyWWxUcDVFVTVWbE16OEVUb1JYT3A1a1NYZEdjVVIwVUZGWGJ2SjJSMFVWWXJKbk1taG5ka3hVYlJ4MFE1QkRPMTFXVXE5MFE0TUhSeW9VYnFObmNVdGtWUGxqZXY5U1UwZzJjMmxtVFVSSFM1MUVjcUpHTlpOWE80eFdTczEwYW9oR2NGTldZekVGYUpSbFEzaEVNMTl5VFdGRGVTcG1jdzRXY3lRRWF2OW1XSGRYYTRWbFNqSmxjeGxtY2FCbFVWNUdkMFZGTlNGMlkxRm5TYWQyU0JaSGUwZ21WbWR6YzVCbmNKRkdldXhXZEJGRWR3MG1Na1ZXYTM0MmMySXpORGhYYzRGV1d6SUhaMmgzYXlva011aEVhNElFYlFKRVJ0bDJRYUptVDFrbVNyQUhVdUp6YXZCaldKWkdkdE4yTVFoa1FNVm5RREZ6UkRaRmQ2WnpkVUZVYzRoRFQ0VldVV2gzWkZCVFRXZEdienhHZTJjWFZzVkVNVWRIU1FkR2VFSkhSNVVIYnpzRU1UUm1lMWRWU3JGWGM1cDJRMEpqVVhGbWF3a0dTNVYyYTR0MlFWbFVPckIzVWxkWFJDRnpiamwxUjBNMmRwUjFaMWNtUzRnWE11WlVPMHBGZERabFRaNWtNMEZ6VGtsVVNYcEhNMXBsZUtObWV5bERjdU5tUjZoVFM2TkhTWXBITTBoektRWmplWjlrV0Joa1MwUjBUSjkyWnJ0R016Wm5XSUZHYjBzQ2JuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/ZTiFzVttAPucbdlZNShwmWvgROAVdhvb4w.png" group-title="DISH TV", NTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/DoKoGKX1LsT9GpUagnwBIuQyxYHjqf0je3.png" group-title="DISH TV", Mohona TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/CtlvPqTCZ9RbWvv0823ad3iLC5L0RDOSf3.png" group-title="DISH TV", my tv HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/xgCAKFdN7mFxISWPJMcFwt6kFernds00Fa.png" group-title="DISH TV", Bijoy TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/mnJFiZiLDimZtShcknhK6LQyNbaJVSEauy.png" group-title="DISH TV", Spice TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/s8mABPas3FXqMu6a5Vvs9FaK9jOwhxbQ9Y.png" group-title="DISH TV", Channel 9 HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/OOiesrVnJfwJkytS4cBVHtHMYYWYt604Py.png" group-title="DISH TV", Asian TV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/aKbnjWOgkkZ6gF36nUMRdaaxEthuwHE408.png" group-title="DISH TV", SATV HD
http://?PT13ZHpNalJ2dzJidTEyWTRkRFJ5bFhlRjlTYVBWSGRIWkVOWGRsU3haR1IzVmtaclpIUkxGVFpzSmxleE1UWnpSR014dDJRcGhHTTN4V1kybzJOd2xYYWhoMWNxUm5idTVFTUlKWE9JZDNVcUJETkNCVGV4VVVlNVlXUzZoV2RNMUdaRVZYVHNoRGN4a0RiekF6TFhoMVV3WkhjU2QyTlpCM2Ixd21hcklEYlBWMlRLUjJSb3RTYTRNMk52cEdjaUpEVzFnSGVzbDBNeUlWYXZ4MFpwNVdPczlHUmlSVFVPSjBjd0FsTXo5VU96dDBWSjkwVG4xbU53bFRPcDlrZW9GSGNvbFdVNnBrY01aRGJYMVdjTUZqV09WM2RWZGxOclVXYTFsRU9DZEhNaGRYZW9WMFQwcEVhNWRHTVR0R1J4SldlMXdtVU1sSFpyRUVNNTRVZDBRWE01a1RibnBtV1BwSE9CbDNRVU5WYjB4R2UySWpScU4wVjFGRFRFWjNNVlZYYXJFbmVxTjNabWxYYmxoa1FvVjJOb3AxS0xKM1lJTkZXMjgwY1JaM1ZCaEhPc0pGYlhKVFlrRjNiaEJqV1VCamRKTlRZbjVtTnlaWFFaZEZOdFJuTTNOMVZEOVNkdEIxWWFSbVQzRm5WMW9HVE05R09rVjBSVDlrYjJWRldWWnpMeGxuUURKblVLQkhUb2x6UVZsemRGUkZSM0lGVm9kalV1cDJSajFXWVhKVlk2OVdlcjkyTng5VWIwSkROU3AxYnNCSE5UUm5OM1pVYnhvbmR5RlZUcjFHTUJkWFNWbEdPaVpUVFdKbWVubDBad3hFZTZSRFN1ZEVVUXRXTzNNV2EyRkdlc1JsV3pFa1Z1SmplRmQxTEhKSFZIZFdiaWhqZDRVV2NMWmpVNkZYY1ZSbFZ6RlhlcklYVHZGRGFMbFVZQ1JuTTNKRlpFcFdkRlJuWldOamExZ21jNEYyUnYwR093bHpRdkZGV3VsM2NWSkZhcVpVZUlGRVN3a1RXNVpHU05aRlI0a1dNcFZIVjNabGRNcDJSWkJGYm9KR09rOWtZekUzWmxSSGFCeDJjMkJWVVpkVVJyRjNaMTltTnNaM2FyVldUbGgzY0pselRGWmtNd1IyWlVGVVVTQm5lMXBHY0pOSGVRWmtORHR5YjZaMmNVOUdTdWRYU3NORmFwRmxlcnhXTXVWa016aDFjWDEwYzV3R2R2UlZOUjFFZFlSRVVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/s033wf4XeD2avtWQw18B97GZ8jG2h5wrCl.png" group-title="DISH TV", Gaan Bangla HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/1ahK7J5rB7xGYLZUsCUHLmHITWaIizYfN0.png" group-title="DISH TV", DBC News HD
http://?PT1RY3pNalJ2dzJiMjEyWTRkRFJ5bFdlRjlTYVBWSGNIWkVOWGRsU3FaR1IzVmtacnBIUkxGVFpzSmxkeE1UWnpSR015MW1iclZWU3JjWFZ5Tm1WaTFrZHhkRFp1eEVadWhGVFcxV041Y0hjMFpGWll0VWJZTlhSek4wY3NsbVd3aFhlejhXZXFKVllOTjJaajVHVm9GM1I1VkRPUjUwY1lCWFpsVmxiNGdIYXk4R1pOSkhlc1prZVRGRlUzdG1XeTQyVnk5Mlowa1ZieVlWT3lKalZ5a0VUcmhXWnMxa2UxSldjS0YxUzA5U1FzRkhVRWxEUzVwSFpLWkVOSVJqY0hKM1QzSmxTeWxEVlhObVNScFdRdFprYU5ORWNScG5ReUZGTjBsVFkxSkhacm9YVlR0aU5VWkZhMWh6Tkw1a042SldZUzFrUkhsbWV4ZFRUT0JqY3ZRRmVyRlVWd2xtTUhOekwxNTJTcHRpWXJNVmU1QjNNM0lUWjBSVVJScDJjNHhXVnNSbWJ2WTFjS2xVY3Q5Q1YwaDBSMjAwVXA5MlIwd2tRb3QwWlNGblJ3bFRkc0ZYWTRRSE8wODJSNFZrZHlsMmFDMTJTNVkxVjJ4RWRNQnpSUEZYZWFKbllqSlhheFpETlFCbk1yZEVkNlJEUmxGbldNSldUd04wYXJjVloxSWtRMkpHZHVWV2Nyd0dkUFZqTlY5a2FTRmpiM2xqY3J0VWVRSmtSaHhtTjJVRE9xeFVkMUFuYnlGVld3dEVTa2RuUjM5V053WVhNNXBIY1BkM1pRNUdhbjVtYlFaamJoeDJVeXNFUktGMVo1UnpMekpUTnFWVFYyOVVSd3NtTlUxbVo0dG1lMUZ6WXJJR1o1TkVVelpsTnBkbVdOVkZkbGRVY2xsME1XaFhkc0YyYVJkalJMeFdjSUYxSzZCelpycDNVcFJYUTRWbWFqZFZSMkVYTXZNVWV1Vnpia1JuVlhsRmF2UkZkMDhpUXo1bWVZQlhVeEFUY3daR1duZFZReVpUYVNKak1adFdZUHRpYXhKMlprRldScmxIYTRWSFNRVlVkR3BIU3J3VU5GTjBhbVpXTnFaRGQ2WkdUM0VXZTVSSFQ0TjFNcGxHZTFFM1RYTlZOenRtZU1oWE51ZFdiM0prUzJCbmJKWlhiTHgyYXl4VU1MWjNidzBXVDNFMWFFUldlM3dHV0xaVWUzZFZabmhWVW9wbmFHZG5SaEpuYTBBbFVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/yLOa8oJqOwu45E2DndmmAavRtKsMAEeMuB.png" group-title="DISH TV", News 24 HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/iKEr5sBAchLBCuagvIM9nidw4JICLJSvNz.png" group-title="DISH TV", Bangla TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/dzeEGO5KEKvbQIKca3QoKFBwfHAngKEE20.png" group-title="DISH TV", ATN Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/vrR7YBIcIQX6vovfYzazp4XJshc8QuGlME.png" group-title="DISH TV", Nagorik TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/C1qGOj4cJIValAWpJvyOzGCN6loswfPdKQ.png" group-title="DISH TV", Ananda TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Ck1GP7vzEdaxs06qsj2tsoLqeeSo2Dv4aS.png" group-title="DISH TV", Ekushey TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/xwetmW4nXckw0QuOkvQk8mtJCQ0scgzC6L.png" group-title="DISH TV", Nexus Television HD
http://?PT13YnpNalJ2dzJidzEyWTRkRFJ5aFdlRjlTYVBWbmFIWkVOWGRsU3ZaR1IzVmtacjFHUkxGVFpzSmxjeE1UWnpSR001MVdUT3RXZGxsV2JMTkdaalZrYUNCSFVZRkVkMUZVY3BGamJ5aDJTWWRGVFpoMWJ4WlVaU0pYVTAxVWFUOVVRcE5YVjJNbld0QmphTVpIYzA5bWEyaFdNSlYyTVVWM2RwSmpjMlJVZVk5RVRpZHpONXBWT3lvRWV5OFdPeXR5THlnR2FCNVdTRk4wYnpWMFRESm1TazkyTjRVRmQwVkRldTlHZUtGelUzUkRhUlYzTTFSbll3Sm1lTk5HYzNzU1UyZG5jMDFHUnZvRlUzWlhaMEFsWkJGSGFMZFVRcE5qYXhabVdCQlZUWkYzYVRaWGUyVUhkUXBVVHI4RVc0cFZjRVIxY0tkSFVTbGtOc1ZFZDFGVldLRjJZNUZtWmsxV2VyZ1dRbGxqUzV3a2REbFVXWTVrTnZaVFJGZDJkc0YzTHd4VWUwSldhcVZqZENGV1VvaHpjS3AwYTZKSGFScDBLeHRtZUhGV08zc3lkNEoyYUxKbk5MUkhXcmsyS0pabGR4VXpad1lEYnJsRFIxUW1VS2gzVktSblF6WTBkMXdrTnBSblFuWkhlTGwyZHB4R012Y1ZiTEZqYjBnalZKQnpTb1pWTTNWRVJhMW1ZV3BrZWFKM2J5ZG1XNW9XVHNoV2RTcG1kaGRuYUpwbGNMbEdhd1pVWnlNV04yeGtkeVptVnB0bWJZdGtjNWhEZEdWVGJTRldXMVZrZGpkbVluUkhOS2xFYTNBRGFFOVVWT0JYV29CRlMyWmxOVWhIVlBobE5rMVdiMnAzUk9wRU0xQjFMWEZtTkk1V1F4WTNRd1kwY0dsV1QzSTBLdjFXUjRkbGVZNW1jSWwxUndZRWV2RVdNeTVtWjFaak1YQmpRSFIzWlR0MktTQjNjd2xGU05OVU9zVmtRNG8yUzVrblpKUm5UejlXYXlzV1RoRkVNeUozTmhObmRKbEhVTDkyZE05eWR4UlRjek5uWTZoV1ZvSmtZWE4zY0VCVk1tbEVjanRrYW14RVV5UmtSdmNVY0NOSGRwSnpLSmxUY0wxRVc0OWtRNXhtWnlsVVMycEhhM0lYYXJSamVya2xRU2hIYW5CamUxY2pXNXMyTFdkbFUwbFVhaXBYUTRVMFlueFdXenNTUmt4V2FQVmxabnBXYXpOalNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/M5TRWFtJ7RvuiypnR5pirq1k5jLMmXT7iY.png" group-title="DISH TV", ZEE Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/jWJs40EY8K2AT2iGDgCh5LiBhUCs4hCWDg.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee TV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/PBVKZpujYrk3VktWpRxTHtlWNFsXyQ8QBE.png" group-title="DISH TV", ZEE Cinema HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/O6enm2ueVwMRucQ7wktWoVFGjpGZraNzYj.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee Bollywood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/q8Or7GIxZjCtdY8D7Tj5zRfZqVSjXnAmF3.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/YQkd9wc9qEpNSMqj8l1YEtZF7ipSN3fBYe.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee Anmol
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/vJQGMVs4Bs7N9wMZugIniniorsJY6POu2n.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee Business
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/8U0G9CmkjHk9IKOLoBr0TmIPntm65oLXaV.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zee News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/gR8jSB4wRmt2JS6bvD5MlLvfffQvBtrj90.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/uJKFrgul040AVgVyOVgWmHYsPli5GsxTlt.png" group-title="DISH TV", &tv HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/3YkDZ2LXza8ygMSFYoC0mBipC35SAYIgMG.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors Bangla Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/CFH6o7kaUaCXAxVUeoJ8HVhkCnnAk6Ezf3.png" group-title="DISH TV", &Pictures HD
http://?PT1RY3pNalJ2dzJiNjEyWTRkRFJ5NVdlRjlTYVBWM2FIWkVOWGRsU3FaR1IzVmtacmxIUkxGVFpzSkZleE1UWnpSR014NW1XellYVE5sV1k0RjJaNU5GY3ZrMFIxeFdjMlZuUkx0eVMxa21SWGQxUzRObGJ2eGtUUnBtUnhCRlYwVXphNjFXYlZSemRyRW1lVlpHTkdaVFo1bHphV2RHYUhaM1Eya0dNeEJUYUloV1J3WVhRek5VWjJablVMbEdiSzVrZG5OR2JyRlRiRVZWU3RwMU4xQlhhanRXVFZ0RU5MRmtiS1JuWXdnbk5ycEhlVk5uYjEwR05TWjNaVU4yWkRGMFN2TkRTM2hsYUl0a2JVbDNMUVpGTTVJRGRPRjNReW8zS29sbGV2dDJWdE4zTjZaMFpXZHpidFYwVXpNWFV1TjFOVGxtWk9aM1VTUm1TVnRXYTNObWJJRkRadUprV3lBM0xuaFhabnRFTnhnVGUzc1dUaGxuYzVKWE1xdFVkcGhHVXpGVU5yUW5iM0luTlVSbVZ1cDJicXBVUVZkbVU0RVdWRk5uZVBSV2RxSm5UeXBtVHh0Q1RyWUhOMjlrUjZoV2V3UnpkTVZtWnNGVFlpVkdTdEJuVDB4V2FhVkRicWxWWXhFelIwbG1Wb1JWV3ZSM2JpUjFZUzVHYnpjbmVXOTJacUpsYlJwM2I0SkhSeU1FTUZwbmRMbFVibHBGWnNWVVo0RTJNelJIUnJGVFM2WlZiQ3gyWm9Wbld0UmxOUXBIZXI0V2I0OW1OaHhHYkJoRVpTVldleFptWU5aVFdPaDNkQlZUZTFvMWJvaDNLeHdXVDBWRVpRVjFjcFJYV3o5RWNVQm5jaWQxYVZsRlM0NVdTRFoyTnpGbmM1TWxicDVtZHZOVFJHUkRTMkpqTndZRGNDWlhWMkptU2x4R2MzbG5XT3RFZDFSRWQ1RmxNYXBIVFVSR2V4TVdhSWRHWnZ4VVpwZEZPVnRpUlBsWFRKZEdkeDFVY1FsbWNpSldTME5ETjFrVldSOVdSeGdtZXlobmNHcGtWTlJGUnlaekxXSnpibnhtVGhwVllzbDFiQlZXTTNwbE13VjFidVpuZVRsM1VoSmpjS2xqYkx0VVZ3WjBhdlZsUzNGR1NaZFhTakoxY0xoRWJOWnpZdmxrVDFKbVRDZFhRakYzVnpRVGFDUjJhemRUWnRKRmI0SjJTNW9VV3VkbmRQSm5ZaU5uY1Z4MmRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/DssqJfHCJKOE4Yg4JyioSBwNAfg6u4IVJF.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/yvsKfVdGJOEs1aRVmcwEYgeaJ93hhcFcB7.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors Infinity
http://?PT1BY3pNalJ2dzJiejEyWTRkRFJ5UlhlRjlTYVBWbmFIWkVOWGRsU3laR1IzVmtacmhIUkxGVFpzSlZieE1UWnpSR016NW1OTUZtVUpGM1ZZUjBOd3dHYUs5V2M0QmxWbjFHV0h0bVk1ZDNVTVZGZE5SMGRuQlhPek1rVnNGM00zRWxUWWhtUnJGRVJ4UWxhT2xqZVVselQyMVVld3hrVW1OM2N6WmpTR3BHYUhsMWJwTjNjNlJIY3ZvbVlHMTJOUEJ6WjNWM2FNbG5RdlFqTjRsRk1zWkhPTVJuWUlsa1JpcEhjQzlXUUpOVVQ0SjJWNXdFTm5oR05GaGxaeU5uYlhKR1J4RWpjNWx6Ym1obVJueDJUd2xIWklCSGE2RlVSdHAzWjJWMVkyRlhibkIzTUdoa1JSRnphMUZWVHNseks1RkdTbmRtVzZGSFM1WnpjRWhtZHpNM2NTNWtUdEowWmxkRWUwd0dkWE4xVlVKemF0MW1kNDhVVnhOek1EWjJTWk5YUTU4bVF0Um5lNGNrTmFobVVubFdUM1pXUkpWSFIxbG5WMHRHZUNsMVMzZHpMNU5VVW50V1lHVkhaT2huZENsM1pPSlRjSUZsV3lKVFp3UnpjMTFXYTNjVFN2dFdkbVpsYkdGVmI1aFRleDhVVVF0bVRPeG1hb2xrYzFVallHWkRhM2hqU1NoSFVsdG1VdmtVVjFRWGJ3a2xjWVJFYzZ4a1ZNbDNRTWhuWlJkamR1aGxiMHdHVXloa1YxaG1SbDUwVFRkMlYxVTFLaWRsZFhORE0yTUVUNXBVVFRWRk9HaEhVSnRtWjNZVWF2RVROd1pUZXNGVVFURkhNYXBXVDJsMFMwY1djWUYwY2tkbllySmpheGxuUm85bVQ2TmxRaXBVYU1OMUtvWkVXMGwwYWlkV1ZqeG1WYWgzVWFwVWRJOWlSbWxYY3RkMUxwUm5kR0IzUjNKVk9aWjJaUmxqUkhoR1YzZERjTk5uVjNOWFJJVkhOM3RTYTBBM1F3RVVPelZUYW9wa1dFdG1kelluZVBOVWVRaFdabEZXZDBobFZvdHlZdHAyWjBaME4xRVZlMTlVUVJCbFZ0aDBiWmh6TTRvbmJzOW1VMmtWZHFaRlVGTlhadlowWnlKRmNtcFhPNnRDYzBFelpEQjFMaWRUWTRwblpWcFdVeTVXTVNWbGNhSmxjNDgyTXBkVmF0aEZlT0JIV1hkWE82ZDBNdWhVYVRKelRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/dXMk9bwtpHWGji033GnKxgaIQzDIgo55w9.png" group-title="DISH TV", Colors Rishtey
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Uoku0v06Qqv8chG3LW0NCGmZY9CyiuiwNl.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Pal
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/qagHOScQkqzp2vtZmtQMmk65zCff0j8bQd.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Sab
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/rQtYvNgl2CGKsKa6JpTQvo89HDbTA4SXqX.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Sab HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Cm1InmIy8HEZB5iwzcEp0l6ZuXMMIip7TT.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/jkI1d9flbppnjrqIXdMVeA2zbESqcMKtJP.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/RkoVurU59lSXHhz4iYAYtlM4f6YaK3KrAQ.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/ltc8LAUl829OjhaGZ21XnQRaAuScUNP3yj.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Max 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/DN5rzKu3J5V5iWmauBAqJQK63RKKR2mQhg.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Max
http://?PT1RZXpNalJ2dzJieTEyWTRkRFJ5MVdlRjlTYVBWWGFIWkVOWGRsUzNaR1IzVmtacmxHUkxGVFpzSjFaeE1UWnpSR014eFdOM2dYY3BsWFVCTjNUUFJWZWFkR1RhMUdNdXBWU2l0MEs0NUdhaE4zTXpZRWMwSURia2h6TTFSR2R1VlhjQ3RXWXpRR2M1OXlhMWhWVmpWSGU1Qm5SVUowUXkxMloxa0ZTMVVqYm9KamFvZG1XelptWUJObGNUeEdSa3BHWk5sbGJOMUVXSFZ6WXlSRE9wbG5XWVIzTld4MlJoaDBjdzhTV2tKMGN2VldPYXBFV3pKM1FhRjFkNkpuZVlObVNQaFZSdVpWY0JGME0xSVhaUWRGZEVWbWIzVkVjakJEWjRkRVNzbEZhbWRHZXhZRWR5NUVkMVlrZDFoMEtxRkVlSFpVYTVFbmFrUjNjNVFWYndRRk1FRlZNMEZGY3VOa1Q2SjNjRWxtUW05eWQ1c3laTEpHY25kbk0xNGtOajVXVU01V1M0bGtiRGRqVG05a1R5QlhhSTkyTHl4R05LQjFUVmgxYk9SVVo0TWxRc2x6YjQ0VVQ0b1hPT1pVVURkemRpaEZUTkpWTTBkMlRsVmpRVzltWW1ORE1WbG1jaTl5VVJkV1NwNWtaelVtYnJOblpUbERjcTlTZURGRmVzbEZjNXBYUldkblJuRm5OMkFYVjRjRWQzZDJONkJsWjBSRVUwcFdTc1JYYzJNVU80RmthcVptY1lGVlNyaDJRMHdXVVFsR01tWjFVa2hVY3pVbU5qWlhkcFpuYXpWbVlwVlhkRWhqZHExMmQyTUhTdlJGU3NGMGMwQmpiR3hXZWtSWGM2dGtjNGRXVDExbVpwRjJMMUVqWlN4MlUzZ21UeDEwZDJaRU56STJUdTlTVTF4a1VQUkhXREZGT3lBM2NoeDJjYWQwTnN0VVRqTmtiWFZIT0dsR1p1UlhlemszTVlCWFZvRjBWUVpVUWtsbk1HOVVhdlF6ZDJjVlRLZFRidGxXTTFWbVRocG1ad05YVkxKVmFoaDBjMnNHZDY5R1ZKOW1iaHRHWlVwMU4zNUdjMGhuYXQ5MFQxNVVXM2dUYUUxbVR4VkdXaE5uY054V1FZaDJOb2xEZFpGamJNaG1UVkZ6VWFGVWNKbFhZNVlYVTIxMFY1bGxhUGQyTVBkRlp4OGtkWkprYnlvbVJwMTBjR3RrU3pNSFV4QjFWVnAzWlJaR2IzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/yD00aeliavxDyYY9b3d7KyuO2w2wBiVyaq.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Max HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/aCNMhfCdvXiAqSuLXRp6vaMj98zhvjsrkc.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Wah
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/8fNNueGaLklynbxxjMXJqMVlpyuKtluMIv.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Pix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/eXpvw9Cy7ZQIVihYAPgHqu328i6eSM3g2w.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Pix HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/6ZH79QPLLPHmkcdSkUmHS9MPFb0nwHQSf0.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony Yay
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/eplXbBfD0FlMEiIFJ1YOZjUgGkGjNatkat.png" group-title="DISH TV", BTV Chattogram
http://?PT1RZHpNalJ2dzJiMzEyWTRkRFJ5cFdlRjlTYVBWbmNIWkVOWGRsUzNaR1IzVmtackJIUkxGVFpzSkZkeE1UWnpSR00yNUdTRjVXU3VwV1F2VWpUWGRIY1FwMmFuRkRablJFV3NkMmN2aDJOeWN6TFdoRWQxRkhjNWNuU3YxbVlPdEVPeE0zYlFWalQweFViS1pqVjRBamF1NW1ZakpIWnRkR2JwVkRaTWRrZWtkVmFaTkZTblpXYkJsSGFPaDJUS1JXTzNsMlo0czJjMFlqUTJCalExWjFVMTgyWVROVk54bFVjNFYxTkZSRlp2RlRjcTkyUm50bU1PWjFRMGdFZWtSVFJWOUVheVpGTVFWWFNPcG5NNWtsVnpabGFwOTBRelIxZHhsMFN5QURXMG9XTzB0Q09ybFVjMDVFT1RSVWV2cEVXcmtHWjBrbVl4bGphekZqYjR4bWJQVjNZdlJXWURkR1I1d21VNEVsZXNsMlpwMUVieUYzYTBOMU01UVVUYWhtV1RkSFdGMUdjNEZUUjFoSFZuTjBkVk5sVUhoWFJuSmtSMmtXY0NoME0yVlhVdE5XVmpsVGI2aG5hNHNFU0psMWJOWkdacmNqVXhabFZFTkZjemxXUm4xbWJJRlRjMnRpUUtSak50TjNkekVVY2hoM2JDOUVSeDhHZW9CRmNKOTJSb0ZsWXMxRVNJdEdNWVJrUWpGRWJwOWljb1JUZTVoV1JxNUVOd3htUWtsalZhaFViMU1HVW14MlV3VkRWd2tIYWtwWGE1VUVaVXBGY2FSR1UyTW5kb2RuVk90MFRoaDNOb2xtWURkRmJrSlRlVGwwS3F4a1lQcDJMMUVYTTJOM0x6Z0ZiblJtU3JNa2R6bG5jMklqY0ZwM2FXUnpMd3NXZHZKV1RxRkRWeVoxUW5oM0tUbG5jRFJ6UzJjemFoWkRNQk5GYXhWbU5odFVRdklIY0pCM1JSOUVkcUpsTld0bWRzcEhNajlHVFBkSGFPQkRPa04xWjNFV1psMTJWNEJGVG54MFVyNDJZTDkyTDBObmRSVm5aWHBYVnI1V1NHRkdVV0JYYndvVVozd1VjeGQxTTYxMFF1bEVVMFkxUU90MmIyZzFidE5EZHJRV2N4ZEVhMDFHU3ExVWExWm5RYVJuZFdOVWRGaFhUemRWWnZkemF2azNMcFYzVHpJRlVWbDBaNngwY0daRVV2NW1TQmQyYnZwR09LeDJNeEZtZXJvV1kzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/CI3p13pw1wZPwo6tDW8jL5LJZVXPGcyCv7.png" group-title="DISH TV", BTV HD
http://?PT1BZXpNalJ2dzJicTEyWTRkRFJ5SlhlRjlTYVBWbmNIWkVOWGRsUzVaR1IzVmtackZIUkxGVFpzSjFieE1UWnpSR002eDJVMUVrTnJoV2FXZFdNbWx6YnhrMU5LUkRkdFp6VXg4MlRLQlhaUGRGT0t4RWRQcDBUMVJsWjFwVk5VVmxibXhXZUV4R2IzTm1hanBtU21sblNwdENVckVIYjJNSFNQQlhlTmxIY1Z4VWVQcEZUMEZ6THhrRlJUaDJReVlFYTR4RWVyVmpZUzEwUnhKMFFSRkdTMGRIUzBaVE9ESmxhQkpIZHhWbFNvRkdjc3AxS3FSWFd2Z1ZORVpYYzRaM0taRkhNMVoyTkRCSGQyOVdXb3htTjBFbWVPVnpSSWgwUnJOVlRDUjJLdXhXWUJKMmR6WW1ianRTVzJOM2RzQkhkNVpXZE9WM0xuVmxVMFVtYjBoa1dacEdiMXQwTUdaVFdROVdWQnRtUjVJa2QxMVVlVXhHVXlKVVZ2RVZUalJYZDBJMlJNZERjM1lEVVp0RWR6aFVRdjkwY3lvbk1tUmtXakZqY3N4RVR5QWxOcmRHYk5SVWJvRm5OVnBGV0hSV2FKbFZiM2RXYzFCblJtVmxjdDltYTZWRWFOdG1kUmxtU3JKWFY2Um5ZVFYzWmlsWGJGZFVPeEFEYjFnbk5yWjNjcTVrUjN4R1ZTNUdkMkpuVlRaRGFTVkVNTnBVV3dGWFdOVlhPUzVHVHN0aWRrWkRlcklGY2tGbGU1QlZZSnRrVHYwbVc0VVZPUDlrZDJkV01LdGlaMVprVjFjbVJtdEdSMFkwVnBWbGJqRm1Tb1pUYm5KVmJMVjFkU2RYVnBWMmN0aHpaVlZtYlJOSFNvbFRXeWxYYzA4bVFTRldkdnMwY25SSGU1ZHpMdUJsYUlSRVpydEdlU05EUndjR2RMVmpjUU5UU3pKbU5OaHpjYWRYUXdFelZSMWthdm8yYkNKbmF5VmxjcEJYUzFRM1l2QUZkbnBVYXpvMU5xVjJhdFpYVkJobGJyb1hhSlIzY29WRWJqSkVkSmxEUzRKbVphRkRSamRIYjZkM2M0a3phajFVTmhSVE93TkRkMmxHTkJSWFVRTkdhM1UzYVdWRmFxbG1UNGRHZXBOa1M0OVdZakZIYkNWbGVJWnpNcGwzYnh0U05TTjFLRXBuWlVGRlRyc1NiM0ZXYWlOV1ZwaEdlYUIzTTFjR1VyRXpTNWRuZXY0MmFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/dI7IYtQR2bhIgpWCwak3oJUU6hkcbvxzgN.png" group-title="DISH TV", BTV World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/SMFIrHgeHFkfMcpZNrAy9foPtsYtniTyh4.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sangsad Bangladesh TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/t1iOtSoF8QJof4Tt2bA0BfTAAPxhmC8ZGx.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony BBC Earth
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/8grPkvTGVjAeO9fuGmEPDzhg8a4P5zhURc.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sony BBC Earth HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/AdvQDwkhl2WyqoqLnYMVPEswa2g19BWX9R.png" group-title="DISH TV", I Film English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/RQ2UFFDVm6AcaPPOkOmriGUrXeYUVdKMfU.png" group-title="DISH TV", Nick
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/m8wjICO11sCmDeR4RDuIDjctIJrJVdcaPf.png" group-title="DISH TV", Nick Jr.
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/G0xCs8YfVBIbEZHAkNjXzPOJtx6FdGfsxg.png" group-title="DISH TV", Sonic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/FtUF3fAnpByamAZeZlRo6D49iUFnt0x5SU.png" group-title="DISH TV", Aljazeera
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/nfBW8OVulDsRNaLsX2Pwymphnd9bK7fqPp.png" group-title="DISH TV", Aljazeera Arabic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/XzAPUElfCYZdDFQskHgcoYwLjUMCklXaqq.png" group-title="DISH TV", CGTN
http://?PT1nYnpNalJ2dzJidDEyWTRkRFJ5cFdlRjlTYVBWbmNIWkVOWGRsU3BaR1IzVmtacmxIUkxGVFpzSkZieE1UWnpSR00wdDJjenRtWkhGblFtUlRlQkpFZHlWV2VHbEVTenBtZXlJRGRzdEdTM29uTTFnRmVKZG5VeTFVUnNkR1V2aFVTajltWWpsMEwxQVhjaE5tZHhGVlkzbDFOT0JuZDZWSFVRUldVRVZEZWtWellZRjFLb05GU0ZOV1owd0dWTzkyWUZsRWExSURNV0owU3ZsSFVtUjBMWnBuYkxaM1RveDJhcmR6WUxWVWJuZHphd0lYWjQ5bVpPdEdXalpVZWxoblFYbG1TcEpsUnVGVWN2aG1iUDlFVlhoR2F3SVZja2REYnBWWGM1WW5aWXhHT3pFblltQm5kbnQyS3ZGek11WjFNb1ZVUjNrM0tTVldiNG9YYTF0V1lVUmtZNGRrWXZNek55OFdXc3hrTWtkSGJ0UmxWMFluUzYxbWVLTmtOSHRtVks5MktYVldkVU4xS0loVVN1dFdidnN5TXNkbVNRaDNRRlpIZWpObU5tVkRUeVZXT29kV1oxaDJZa0JIZVpGbWQyVm5OaE5YVXFaRlcyTVdNeDlHZHdRRE5rSjBkSFowU1ZaVWJ6cFVhSXgwTU10bU1rbFhaQmRVYTZWamN2Z2xRdjlHY3JabmV4NTJiRnRtVlhCWGNPOXlZRHRTZHlkbVowQmpWNXdHYkZCemIxZFdlc0pYUnJOVVdybEVUenBsWnpnM2QwUTBhdmxqYkVOV1dSQkZVdzVVWVZGMGIxMEdOc0pUVlloSGV2WWtNWFpGVnBCalM0OWtNWWhHZWtKRWRUbGpjRXAyYnBWSGJ1VnpaVHhrWWxCSE1YRjJUS1Z6Y1ZOalJDVmtXMTEwVHVWalFacEdNVWhsVXBaRGJ2OVVkdWxYWXo5a1NpWjNOMkVIVXZaVU94ZFhid2tUU1BSR2M2OVdiNDlDTnJSM1UxNUdWU1pUYUlkMFJhUmpOMXRVYXpSMVREaDJaU2huTXlna2F1QlhXQmRUU3ZsVWJIbEhjdnBYTzFRbFdXRkdkQlJFZDBJRlduaDJTeWhVWjFZSGExUVdWYUozYng5aVN3azNZemhHYXg4eWNOaDJhamhGVXhVRmV6SWxSWnBWZTBoRGJqOUNSRU5uTjJwWFREOWtiSmx6VE1GMFE1cFdNTGRqTmxwMlV0WlRUTEpVZG9kR01uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/fZensHdzSqAc3zSyT7muxyVpaQlnB36pw1.png" group-title="DISH TV", Euro News
http://?PT1RZXpNalJ2dzJiejEyWTRkRFJ5RlhlRjlTYVBWbmFIWkVOWGRsU3laR1IzVmtacjVHUkxGVFpzSjFaeE1UWnpSR01weG1Na2RYWk5kbk1TUldRMlkyY3loV09MaG5ZeEZIZXZRblZYOW1XbWhsVFVWRWJ0TldTQ2RYTXZwWFRyVUdTM2tuV0JSbE5SNVVkMFpFVnZRM0wxZG1RMHRFWk5sWGV6WVVjNW9rZU9kMVJYWkhicTlDTzIxR1d0OTJjUzVFTkZobmVVTjBaT3hVTm9wV1FXWjBOdzVtWndOWGJrVmxjc2gxS1FwM1N2aDNTWEJIWk1kWFlqZDNNVEoxWnZJbVNaSlVScFpWYW5OWE5JeG1XNVlrZFVSMmI1VURPMzhVZG9GalEwSlVWa0JYT3dVbVoxTWplM2xtZHdoRWV4UjJMVmRFZXd4R2VNZFViaUZIZTBSSFR6UmpWdE5rU0l0Q1doRm5XTzkyTDJkRGR2QWxXM1VYT3NsbFdJWlhVQ2hHU3BKR1Yyb0hhWDlHYzFOVk0wcGthMTRVV0IxbVFYTm5jUXRHZVN0MlZVaG5VNDlpVTRGR2FpNUdheEFIUjFjbGN2NFdUeVZHYnZoR1N2TVZlc2gyYlJGV1dyOGlkWWxWU3NKVFEzSnpObmxsWnk5R1pKcFVhdWxGZFJkak4zVjBhMWhEWklkblV2bFhiaE5WVkxKMWM1OEdOemtVUzU1MFlhRjNhMWRYUXlZV041UldjNVFUT1V0aWVyeDBaU2RUWjNoMlp2eFdiVUIzYVRSamMyTVdSeEJYYWx4a01EcDNUMVJqV0c5V2JWUlRSQ1JWV3BoeloxSXphWkIzVTV4V1RvbEhkc2xrZVFWSFIzSkhOQ2RFU0RGSE12TjFRTlpVZHlaVlEwOGlZb2QyVm1oV05zTm5XNVZrTldwa2VuaFRhclkyYXVKV2VDOVNWR2hXY09aMVowVlRkdjQyWXpabWQ0Rm1NYVYzYm50V1EzQmplVWRqYjN0U2JGcFdRd2hFY0NoSFIxbFdVMUpUYXgxbWF5azNZeEVFWnloVFpubG1kVHQyTHJRbU00UUhheFYyUnpCM1V4NTBOM3BHTU1kV1VUVkVNR2xYZHRKVFJvMW1iMzlrZTA4Q1UzbzJNUTlTTW5kVmEycG5SUmxVVnF4R053UVVNMWRHYUoxR1ZpaFZhUmxYYnpsblEwaFdkWGR6VHdkR2VacGxSUmxVY0tSV1ZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/kYQPlbGL8QcnkZlsFRvh92BfMFfsrfqVrF.png" group-title="DISH TV", Channel News Asia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/nNMRTcQdjPUdlUPoQgpZ92gkdshDZtfrye.png" group-title="DISH TV", DW (Deutsche Welle)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/uPVetGj9PYRn2Fnxx2ZIykn2uZ3nOUzyLK.png" group-title="DISH TV", Arirang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/qbPXrUUrZC5vvvWnRMsqFfN1yMElkNQ0iW.png" group-title="DISH TV", KBS World 24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/PeqQFC2DYu1EMVpAWKRg89MuR7oG7TJSNu.png" group-title="DISH TV", NHK World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/h75AQBcEEeVBx2ZuXXJQ9jvveNMvUCkbbi.png" group-title="DISH TV", France24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/lssMfLSPR93oh4ezBIerNkimq3yIsiQnyQ.png" group-title="DISH TV", TV5MONDE ASIE
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/cSva5pQVfIbB0sY2sqVWINi8mtDXewoxia.png" group-title="DISH TV", History TV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/b3J1xVd93flpmz5FIyoHULUdMyHhPMhcm7.png" group-title="DISH TV", Comedy Central
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/BYnfqEyFiiiuhjFebV99XZkiuPmkVlxzfZ.png" group-title="DISH TV", MTV Beats
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/mbQzUup0pUxCgFtFZM8DFBEXmv6emcTAhF.png" group-title="DISH TV", MTV India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/Xaw4gG0SZGB2dnfjMZMumJ65LAeJu6FmkT.png" group-title="DISH TV", Zing
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/gJWS3Xd5QIYcO44iJis8LDsyOr4oXph3gl.png" group-title="DISH TV", VH1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/w6L4QnbQT6f0fASxoCactRhBkqWJW5cNsT.png" group-title="DISH TV", Lotus Macau
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/gZwcc5f3n5e5WSYtwv8kOuCpDIZIKDOWPl.png" group-title="DISH TV", Al Sunnah Al Nabawiyah
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ss.binge.buzz/uploads/tv_channel_logo/thumbs/v5agy3mSLw0cbUuiQRwDZEgG0HzhXvMThj.png" group-title="DISH TV", Quran TV
http://?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
