#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/xybsni9y3qD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [001] Channel I
http://?PW9YZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE40WlRNS2RtTnhGSGM2UkhXVlIwWkNCVFN3bzFhdTlVVDBVamNKZDNaMFkxTFhKMVp4Z25WeHcwWjNSMFlaRjJUdmNYYktObVZxTmtkYWRFWjQwMGQ2QlZRcTkyTVNOSFZDdFdPTHRVYnA5aVZVbFVTdlZuYzFzU1dtdEdieEZHWmhKM2RDbGtScUZETjV0bWVXdFVTVjUyVjBRVmJRUlZiMWdsZU5abmU1WjNhTnhHT3NsMlNSVmtXQ0ZHY3psa2VqSmpZNFJrTUxSWFJtWm5VcWgzTHhGVGJqWmpkdVZIT3dGWGVZTlhRMmwyYTA4eUx3a25jU0psVWlkbVpwSmplbWxqUTJZblZ3aFhWNGxYYnY1R1pxOWlZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/IhHZaZ5dVqH.png" group-title="DISH TV", [002] NTV
http://?PT13YjVOVk55d1VhM1oyYVlobWMxTW5OeG8wWjJFWGF3cEhkU1YyUTVGMGRoQjNUemtuUTBvV2FhbEViaDVHUnI5V04wWnpiR2hrTnlsblRxTm5VVjUyYkNsaldZZFRlM1owS3RoVE56bzNSUXRtU1dkRWNQdHlSNmRrUjU5V2J4bEZSMlpIUzJjMVkwaHphdDVtZFJCMWNvTlZlMmNVU01SbmQyQTFRUFJFYU5kalVKbEdUNEpEY09SVk9rWjNOdmtXU3ZFMFpCOUNXcXhFUnhkR2FzVjJTVGRITkxOVmJuRkVjclozVFJkWFV2MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/yvvEywo6J8F.png" group-title="DISH TV", [003] RTV
http://?PT13YTVOVk55d1VhdFoyYVlobWMxd21OeG8wWjJFM2J3cEhkWFptYTFOVk15bDJVbXRtTllOamRHVldlem9IYkJsSFIwSmxlMGdFZXFSM1YwSmtZMUVGYmxoVlp3NUdUblIxS3hFbFNKaDJNeGdXWUxSMmNxbG5kQ05EUzV4MFRKVnpTczlXTzFCSFRHZDFad2tWUzFvVlQ2SjNRa2wzVnJVWFUwYzNLUk5UYzV3R05IMTJNeEpXZTZoVU8waG1TdmdsVDFvV2JtZHpUUzltVXpwRmJPNW1STk4zWW9wVVZSVjFiMVZsVndkVlE1MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/vDXLuLBXf6J.png" group-title="DISH TV", [004] MY TV
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwTm5acmhGYXlWemMyRWpTblpUY3VCbmUwbFZPQkZYY0JOVlRRbFhhTGxUTjNObk16aEhjM1FsV1MxR09QQjNjWkprZDJaRmFMaFVPMTVtTlI5V1NZZEhlR1JEV0RsVmRVRmtXR2gyUnJ0R2FTaEdOb2xtWm90a1VpOUdjTUJGTUtsVU1xWkdjVmhUVjQ4R2N4OGtiMWtqYzVvVlRVZFZhcTUwU2t0Q1pLcFhieDgyS29sVGExMTBhV1ZVTXRCVFpHeGtTSGRYV1A5a1JyYzFjTmgzUzA5Mk02TjFNdjRHTXFkMmJrTlRUSGgxYjFnRFd3MTJUM2xVWW45VWR1bEhVTlZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/raiZvB8y1Nv.png" group-title="DISH TV", [005] Bangla Vision
http://?PW9XZVRWak1NbEdhbXRHV29KWE50WlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2UlhXM1JXZTA0MGRvbFhabmRGTmFKM1F3bFdNQ1p6TFlaRmVTTm1TcnBrVnY5Q09UZGtkMzEyUUxaR2N4VTNkYXBYT21WMlU0aERTckUwU3pGWFlzQlZkNWduZG9oVE5aWkZWc2xEYVlSelF4ZzJNaDEyTk45eVp2ZFZONjFHVTY1V1pzdDJjMkUzUjFNMVN4OEdlVlZXVFNkVlIzWkdSeXBuVUx0bVVIbFdPaHAzZDVza2VTbERXMkpsV1RKalE1QW5jdm9IUkhaVGJKTjJWdUJYV3BWMGN2QkZWclVIZE10V1lGUmtieEJ6YTZkbWFvQkRjSkJsYjJ0MlZVWldXS1ZFZUMxVWQwMDJL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ZCqILa0u7vD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [006] ATN Bangla
http://?PVlYZVRWak1NbG1lbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTnhoR2M2Um5aU1pHY3BoMWR4NVdPdHRpTWhSSGV2RjNNYVJXWXhOamJ4WmpSNWhWT3NCWFFHUm1ZcHBXY2xWemI1SjFiVnRTYXlwMGR3UjJZWWhEVDI0R05UUkZNMG8wYndZamE1TkhWdjlVTW1aRE1MdG1hUlpWVXlNa2VoTlRlRU5XTjB4a2R5TTBjUGxYYllOVGRIaFVjeVVHZU5sVlN3Sm5Ud3N5UXRsSFRsdDJWVkIxY3NaM01CQmxVMjlTVzRNWGNrbFhPdmNXZGg5R2JsQkhlTEJUVzRkR2VhdDJLQ0JIYnlzU1M0SVhhbGx6ZGtsa1EyQm5ZVVJYYzJOWE9sZFhUSzVVYUtwRmJHSkhV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="DISH TV", [007] Sangsad TV
http://?PTRXZVRWak1NbFdlbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UlhXUHRtZDVjMlpqWldWdmQyS3dNWGVObFdRRnhVY0VOM2NySTNVeGxsVndkRE1JSlVZNE0zVkhCak5MSkdlblJFWnhnRGIyVkhUNElXVllwWFk0QUZUVnBGY1o5R01pSjFTelIzSzVsRWNKcFdkeVVHTUpkRGNvZEZNaTlXZHZoRk5ZaEdNNUEzTFd0V1VUTm1hMGRuZTRRbGN6MUdSUEZrUXFGWE82TjJkVHBtZFFKVE9ITmtNNVZsTXFORE16RTNZMVZ6S0Q5bWJQNWtZa3BYUTE1RU1JSjJLMVVYUjZsMWFTSkhiMGwwY0xCVGM2VlZPbk5YVzJnblQ1TlZTRVpsZWlGVFoxcEdU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ipgVRU2qhw3.png" group-title="DISH TV", [008] Somoy TV
http://?dGwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWemEyRWpTblpUY3VCbmUwbDFUcnBYT25kMlltVjFkbnRDTXpsWFQzRlVSTUZIUno1V09vdEdTcHBVY0xoVFlNbEVWNXhXVmpORlJGOTJRM0FUWnZVVmRybFRhTGhETXBwWGNIZEVOMnRtTUhSRloxRm5lelJGTUpOSFU0TldVTEpuYXB4bWFuZFdjQkZuZHpZMFlabFVOcFpWVEh4RWJGOVdONGhtTmlKMmQwb2tTdjlHWjJwMkxzbDNRUngyVXJoWFJ5WTNaMHhHVmxwblV2bEZkdWgxYmFSM1JRaFZOVDl5YnJoek1POVVNM1JYYU5WWE5FaG1ZdmdUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Dh0neKDKLrs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [009] Channel 24
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE4zWlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2UlhaM1VEZFVsVmF6Y1djMGxVTXd3RVU2bDNMUWhIT1Faa2IycG5RdUpWWnVCSFNTWjJhTk5IZXZOalYwRkRhUXRHVFNoVVpvWm5Xc2xFY0J0R2Q0RVZOclpuYjQ4U1pEWkhXdDVVZXpzU1JhbEhTNGtYZGlKMWMwQkZXeHBrZTJOVlpRVjNhdWRuUzNsbGN3VWxkT2htZXpWa1J5RkRXS3RtTktGM1FrZDJMMXhtYTBzU1F6aERPcnRHTkNsa1F3UjNaeVlIUlBGV2NONWtjTEZuTjBSV1J1SkdjTlJuZWhSSE9QaFRkVEJYV1RKM1JwTjFMTlpEZUxOM1NrRkRVQ3RrZXJ0V2NOVlRP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Z644RVrdngp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [010] News 24 HD
http://?PXdXZVRWak1NbG1lbXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnhCSGM2UjNVT1ZqZVVwR1JyUjBUd2QzTlloM1pvMUdlbVZUWUlaVmJYQm5ZNXBHVDQ5eVU1UW1NbmgyUXhaVlJXNUdla1JYWkxoV001SlZjcDlTUWlCM1Z0VmpUcFIxWlZkWE9xTldOM0pFV1ZSRFZYWlhWQ3QwU3hSRWF3bEVTWFpuY3RGalYwWnpOb1puYXFOMFRNUmtlV05YYTJ4bVlwcDBSNmh6WlZWbmIwSW5icFozY3lVWFFMbHpWeWhVVHNCSE9UNTJWaFpYWVZaSGNJRkhSeWgwYnF4VVMzSVVkeHBuYjRkVk12Rm5kSFZrV3g0a1E1Rm5SUjltUVZGbmJYQkhNUUpUYnBsVE5NaDBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/639iTnh90UR.png" group-title="DISH TV", [011] Independent TV
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbDJabXRHV29KWE54WlRNS2RtTnhOSGM2UjNWVU4xY2w5bVRMRlZZcVYzZDJJWGJhUlhlM1ZEV0RKRWRyZ2tWUHhHUm9ORE9rVmpaV2gzU1JsMFFCZFRlTDFXVXNCRmNvbEdjRVJsZXJsR1dONVdkc1JrYXZGall5UVVjcTVrVXRsSFNMbEdTU2xHYTZKMWNSaEZiWFJ6WXI5U1Q0VnpkU2wzS1E5MFVTOTJkMXRXVHpkbVdybG1XdEpXWmtkbWMzUnpWdnNrYkNGblF6RlZkc0ZXUnZjbVRwaFhOdmNYZEw1MmRHRlRNSFZqYndSbmNXOW1WRmRuYXhKbld1bFRhTlZET01oMVZubFRXbFZUT0x0MlNKcG1iVFpsZXVSMVlxaGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/1Y2Slm56uJ8.png" group-title="DISH TV", [012] Ekattor TV
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTnhGSGM2UkhaNHhHYngwMEwxa25RMVJHZDJSVWVCWlhhMmNWYnFoMVphQkRUSDFrTTNobVc2bGtkblJuVDVJVFRrQkRjM2hHYnU5MFV2Sm1Nd1ZsTmtoWFQ2SkdNdWRWY0lOa2RaUkdUM0pHYzZwMk14TTNTRlJuTXpramJtWmxib0ZUT3pGMmNtUjFaUXBYUXpwSE56eFdlNDhHYklWalJ5dEVPU0ozVnJvWFZIMTJSeHBuZUNKbE5hdG1jcEZEZDNWRVdydEdjVXAyU3BaRWRLZERSeGhuUXBCbE1YMTBWNjltUnNkRmRUeFdlWTFVWlRkM056QjFLNlJFUjBRM1UyY1dPQnRTY0t0MmJ5ZGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Mq2jeWV007t.png" group-title="DISH TV", [013] Bongo Movies
http://?PXdXZVRWak1NbEdhbXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2UlhXM1JXZDA0MGRvbFhaMGRGTmFKM1F3MVdNQ1p6TFlaVmNVOTJOMkV6UjNWMWQ0SjFTMmgzTW1OM1lTUmpiakpVUlJwVVV4SlhPSU5WTUM5R1RDWm1VeHNFYUlSamJQQm5ZMlpWTzBZR080OG1RenAwVG1KVmNuMUVjaEJsZXlCVFNHdGlXaVIzUUxOM1FxRm5lVEZsUk1SVFJvbEVaUmR6WVJWWGVSOVdiamwzYlRoalZXUldhcUZIT3QxR1dZZG1XU3htU3JKMmRJWkZSWVYxTnJ4VVdqMVVOMDlXYkNsSFdQbDBkT3hrVjVka1d4TkRhRGxuVVVSM1VKNUdPSEpWYjBVVlZNSjFi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/20mgRCbFLz5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [014] Boishakhi TV
http://?eGwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwbDFkazlHTk9kSGE1VldkWFJqV3lORWN4RmpRMjhDV1dWblUzWmtUM1lWZXlkemFpRkdiMFpFUjBSR1dvRkhidmwzS2h0bWVqMTJVVHBrVjVKM0xuaFdlcmxIVm85MmI0UVhiRFZYWnc1a1pzZG5kalJuTXJsblN6NVdTckVVZXlBRk0wRW1VeUpsY0dKWGJVbDJRVTFtVzJwM2RxZDFkNU5GYnhabGVEUnpUd1FuZTJnVE5XcEZlUFZVUnlkVmI2dEdaRFpuY0RGbmJ4Rm5kUE5YZEpGalRZUnpWb3RHZUtSbloyVkhjcmxtTTBJVWFFQkZXVnBYUjNObllJMUVkTEpuTXhSbVFLbDNjMlVuY3hja2RzZGxUM2R6UzVvbmMxcEVidlpFZXdKMUwzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/DJcpP2t4Mdp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [015] ATN Islamic TV
http://?PWtYZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE4xWlRNS2RtTnhoR2M2Um5aU1pXYXBoMWR4NVdPdHRpTWhSSGV2QjNNYVJXWXhORGR4NTBjVk5YYnRkRFNMRmtOTzFtTUw1VVROTldjNVZrUW1KRFp2SlZVd00yYXJjSFV4RUhWcXBWYXpKR1UxSWxVb2htYUZ4VU9FbFhPWmhUYks1bWVreG1VR2hXZXZoWE5rVjNaM3BXTjJSVWI1RUhjRGhUVnBaak42bHpiV0owUlU5R1JycEdad3RTZFlsRVNYNVVaNWxGTkJsbFpyQUhWTU5FWjVwVmF2VlRhd2xXVXo1bVdIUjBhdmNHZXpCblVRVkRhUzlTZDVNMU16SmpSU1JHZEpCSFJqRlZXblZ6YTE4a2NVSlVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/um9o21i3T1E.png" group-title="DISH TV", [016] Gaan Bangla TV
http://?PUVYZVRWak1NbFdjbXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnhCSGM2UkhWU1JIZWlaRFZaRjJWd2hXU3ZaWFZ6cG1WSHBsTlp0R2N2UmxkSWQxU3pWelNGdEVaMGNHZHpKVVFYeEdkdkkwYWhkSFY1VnpSR04wTHROSFV5aHpaWUpsZXFkR2FwRm5kcTFtVzF3RVp2MUdNM0UzUUdsbmV6UnpWVHgyU3dkMWFCbEhNbVIzTExselJaaFhiRUpsYU9GVWJ6ZFRPdUZYVVhsbWFXTkRUdFZtYXdWVVNhZDNZb3BVU0xKMGFGcFdjbVJGV3BOVGR3TlRlRU5GTXNka2VaOVVPa2xuVTVkRlNZaEZjSEZuTnhZM1p2NVdhM0ZqWWg5R09XOVVNU3BuZWtkWGU0UVZa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/6GxyIRO4P74.png" group-title="DISH TV", [017] DBC News
http://?PWtXZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE5uWlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UlhWWmxXZHRsbE5GWkZONEZHVHFCMVUyUTNUNUkyTkhKRmRIbFVTSkZHU25abld3OTJTa2wyYXFKR1ZRbHpkU1YxTkNaa1d4RkVkc2xEZHZjV1dvRkhTaGQyYnlrWFRReG1NNGxFVlpsRGFyY1djMjEwS25GVmRpRjNMbHBIWjRsR2Q0OUVPeWwyWndnV1c0UWxhWmhEZEZKVWRwQmpNTWhtUTNFSGFzaERlS1YwYUJWMVRzaFdRemxtU0lKV05HeFdVekVWUmlOWGNJQm5XTUZIU3k1a2NOUnpaMDUyWmFKbFVUWjJaNkZtVHVsVWVvSmxaR3hrYjFvR2ROTjNNdGRtZXk1a1FNWmtl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/H86bSTqPN6O.png" group-title="DISH TV", [018] ATN Music TV
http://?MWwzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWRGEyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwWm1VbWxYYVlkWGN1bHpkcklUWTBoM2J6TmpXa0ZXY3pZSGN5eFdOc3AwYm5kVlRHNVdTcFowY0NkMmFyY0diNWtVYVJObmUxVVRUM0lXTXlKamVrWlZPSUYzWnljak5oUm5hdHRFZVV0R1czaERUYUoyUXFoWFUxOFNRSkJqZHFSekwwTlVSb0YySzNoSE1TUm5ldzBHV3lSSGUzVmxUcU5HWnZSVk5WZG5XcWRtYjRnVFNucDNkVTFrU0c5RWUxdFVVMmNFYklWWFRuTm5NMkIxYWp0V2F3bzJTdWxqU0JKbld2Z21UdGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/hw62kGT7ZqJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [019] SATV
http://?dGwzVTFJRFRwZG1acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUY3lCbmUwRjJhaXgyWTZGM2RMcDBjMGhXVDFVMFMzTm5jaUJqYzExbVV6cDNVRmgyYWxwM1ZEVjFkNXBWVkhoblltbG1OMGdsY1dCMWJ5RVRSelpVTnRSV1l5b0ZOR0ZuVFN4VWJ1WkVheFZIYnIwa2M1Um5jWWxGVDRzbVNsQkRibHBFY2o5eWFMWkdkc2xqWXUxV1FhbG1UTDFFZXpnRGN3WW1ZTWgyWXJabGRUaGtlMlEzVTJoM040UXpiUmxWWnhvRWIybFVPbHBGTlR4MmJ4QjNNUkZEYm0xa2QwaFhadnAzTjBSMlp0cDJLaGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2c08GCMcP3z.png" group-title="DISH TV", [020] ATN News
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwcG5acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUY3pCbmUwWm1VbWhXYVlkWGN1bGplcklUWTBoM2J5TmpXa0ZXY3pVM2JoWlRPRGQzY2FkMlREeDBRb1JGV3dvWFV4bzNTSDlXVm5sbWVSWlVTMTQwTHRaMUxEaFVSeWNtV29WVFFRZGpka3BHUlVGVk90TmpXMHBIVTRGWE1HZEdWVHAxYlloRFJyWTFheE5FV3JaV1VGMTJTd056UXlVSGRPZEdWVVZuZTQ5V00wTUhSWXhHY2toSFVGcDFheVJtYlk5R1d4QnpRVlZFZHlwV014bHpMUFptZEMxa1YzZHpicUYzUXExV1kzYzJTV0ZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="DISH TV", [021] Ananda TV
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRweG1acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUYzFCbmUwSjFLMUFYWVZKVllqZEdkTzEwYnU1VVZ5cDNMeFYxWTZwMlJZaEhkcjVVYjRaWFRtRlVlM0ptVnBKRFV4dEdlaVpUVVhSVmVGZGpWM3gyYTF4VU5ydzBOME1IVDBJVlptZEhhVnQyWUVwMlpvOTJkbU5sVTFwM1RxZFhiUlYxYlFOVFVaWlhPNDVtZHJkVVp5bG5WSE5rV3JjRWR5UkZiakYxVW9sVVVUOTBjeDgyYkxOV2RQaFViTXBsUXlNMk1vOVdOejhFV3k4MmNKbFhUWmxXY1RoRFJ3QlRhdzlpTTRkamM2TlhXNVJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eRdA7FckAyD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [022] Nokshi TV
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE56WlRNS2RtTnhkSGM2UjNVT1ZUZVVwR1JyUjBUc2QzTlloM1pvdEdlbVZUWUlaMVpZUlRUdkpUY3ZCMVppRlZOdmczWVRSVlpzNVVkUkJWTnJOV1V2ZGpjc0ZEUnNaM01LaHphMVkwZEpSM0xFdFNaNFZGV0hWbE1ENVdVU2RXVHdBMVo0WVhhdjhTZXVsRWFQdHlST2QzTFBOVVUybFZlWk5YY3BkM1Z6Vkdib2xtV0p4V1p5UkZPM0YzYnA1VU5hTm5NdVJWVXpnMVVrNUdjd2hFWlJOemJITmxZcHR5YzZaMEt2dHlMVkZuWXlkMlFTRjNkb3BYWnljblV0eEdSckVVUjZKblJ5RjBWa0Z6YTU1a2Eyc0dV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/73n4apmZhr6.png" group-title="DISH TV", [023] Akash AATH
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWamEyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwSjFLMWdYWVZKVllqZEdiTzEwYnU1VVZucDNMeFYxWTZoMlJCQnpNSUZtYXd3RU51cFVRc2xIVnZvMVY0bDNZQlZETWhKMWFMWkRjclZWYXExVVYwZFVNckZYY3k0RU0wVUZiRzl5UTJrSFVxdDBNM1kzYjFvSGNHWkhPUTEwYXFsMEtYcGtkNFpuZVdaamN2bDNkVHhHYk9KWGFNRjBZNWhqVndWVVRhOUdheXBXZXJWMmJoTmpic1ZEVXgxRVd0UkdPNkZrVE9oR05UQlhkc2hYZVpsalozazJUNFpXZTNrRU95Z0djNjFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/j6nIdklOX39.png" group-title="DISH TV", [024] Zee Bangla
http://?PW9YZVRWak1NbDJhbXRHV29KWE41WlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2Um5WSXRDZTRSalRZdFdRc2xVVzVOVVV0Vm5SS3BVVzNnRWF0WjJjQzkwTXZoR1J0Wm5leGNYVXpCbk01a1ZiSFJXYkdwVWQxVkZSeVJqY3BsWFJ1MUdOdUJUYzJKM1VtVkRjd2hETU9SWGNXeG1NNGdtWjRRamJ5WVhNemtWZXFaMFNObDFVWmRtYUxkbFd2b25kWWQyTWl0aVE0NTBLeGtGV1RsSGNaRmtWc2hIZUlSVWExUTFSdlpUZUMxMFoyZ0hjaGxUVEs5aWVKMTBLbGh6VjFGbk0xVVdlNWRtTVpwME0wb2tlT3BHYXFOWE1zbFVSU1JYUTZkR2JUbEhUd1lqYm5sM1J5aFdV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/fU2HFXtrX7d.png" group-title="DISH TV", [025] Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?emwzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwWkZTcnNHZTA0RVdyRlVjSmxWZURGVmJ1WmtTS2wxTklGbmJSUjBRRXRFYUVsbldzRm1Wc1YwY3pVRVQ1UjNjNmhXYXJGRmJqOVVRbzVVVXFOSFY0UTNOekUzU2xsWGNreFdlM3BrTjNvV09yRlZWd0YyVlRwbWVoZFhkNW9HYW1oV053WVZZNTlrVjNjMmEzY25kbFIxTVJGMmRJWlhhdlptUnBsalJuZFZRS0JIUzJRaldIWmtleWttTlRoVFNwZHpSQmxtVE1OSFptTjBZcWREY1VwbVE1NG1adlpFVUI5MFZHcG1OT2hGVk9kMWRvQjNSVmRuVzBkVVExVURiSnhXUndvVmJ2WWxjakZsYUtOM2R2TkVaTWxUTVNsbWNWRkRiemMxWm9KVlRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/62pJAoY3kCM.png" group-title="DISH TV", [026] Sony AATH
http://?MWwzVTFJRFRwbG1acmhGYXlWemEyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwbDFUcmRYT25kMlltVmxkbnRDTXpsWFQyRlVSTUZIUnpSWE9xTjJiaVZEZXhObE5PUjFOd0ZtVVRaRU9oSjNTamxUVndRV2VDUjNLMWRWZDRSVFl0OVNXM2duWnNOMVoxTlRic2hXV0NwMmF1aERkRXRpVEpsM054WTFLbmwwYzRFRU5ZcFdXMmRYTTZaV2F6NG1VQ1JsV1NKWGU2aDNTU3AyVTJSbk1NbERUSk5IYnFsMlM2ZDBaaGgxWjZsME4wcFhWTXRFZDBvV092cGxleXN5Y3pBWFQxVm1VdUpEU3I5V2QwWjNkdmhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/105QtNR46SH.png" group-title="DISH TV", [027] Ruposhi Bangla
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbFdlbXRHV29KWE56WlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2Um5XTEpGYTZwMlpZVkhkeUoxVENkMGJPWlhNd0ZUUzVsa2V3WVZkMWRWTnM5VVp1TjFhdE5uUVZwMFRVQnphdzhHTnJRalR5MUdUbU5tYjU1V013a25lR0J6YXpvR1d6UmpONUJYZXpWVk1OZDJiVjFrUzVaMFp2QmxjMHAxTjZkM1FLSkRhdmxHYnZCelFhZFVkMjVXVnF0VVExeG1kNU4wWXZRM1J5VjNWRkYwZE54RVZoOVdRd3hFYkhaMktGRlhSd0VYVU5SVWExOENNR1ZEZHpWalNhWkZaWmQzU254R1QzZzBjUEptYkI5a2VvUlhUbFZHY1UxR1IwUXpiRk5XY0ROM04zQWxO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Xqf99tBaKw2.png" group-title="DISH TV", [028] Sangeet Bangla
http://?PVFYZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE5xWlRNS2RtTnhOSGM2UlhXUHQyYjVjMlpqWldWeWQyS3dNWGVOcFdRRnhVY0VOWGJ2TVdRdGhVZDVCVk5ORkdkMm8zUzVjRWV3eDJaVGwzZHNKelRyZDFaNVJXWmoxMlZYbGxSYUZFZTRnblpHQkZUc3R5WUdwa1lweG1Ob3hVVHFKWGNtdGlWeU0yY3Boa1Z3c0dSbGRuY2hObWR5SkhkRkpYUmo5eVR3WldjYWxFYTN0bWV1aEdkNmxIYjE0a1Z5Um5ab3BYVm5KWFpSeEdaM1UyU1N0Mlp6WXpkaWxWUXlSSE0zUlZTNWhIVXdBSE1ISmtjUHRXTnV0a1EzTkRXbFZFYU9ObldocDFiWWxFZTRnRGV5STFj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/75117/200x200_4b19b530-f0bb-4b26-a9de-f3cdd5f8be20.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [029] Sun Bangla
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJsRjFOTGhuYkhabmRybFZhdzFHT3ZaWFMxaFRSelIyYlhSWFpPdEdlb0ZFYllCblVzMW1RMjlDTWhwR2FuUm5OMTRXUzFKVmR4Y0ZlbVJET25sMU40RkZTMUFIYzVWM0xTQlZjdlVuTXYxV002ZEdNb2wxU1BkMlFvaEZWa05VZUZ4a1lXSkZSdlJ6U2tObllyaEhORmRrZHlwMWRzTkVWV1YwY3BKRWU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/star-jalsha-black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [030] Star jalsha
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZcFhURlpWYmg5U2R6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJsUldXUzUyUVBaRVp0MW1kNUZEVDJGVmVxbEZhTFJuVk1CblRCRlRTd1FWYUhSWFVxbEZOeE5WV3JFMVYyMVdaMllEY3RORGNQTmpRcVZXUTVWV1l6QkhPNTRtUzFaM1JNZG1kU1YzYTRJa1EzZGxjMGNEZVR0MkwyOVVXdkVYY3lBRlZWcFdlNVpGUnJVbk56SUhiT0puUW5wMGJIOVVZMWRqZXNOR1o=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925918368s.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [031] Jalsha Movies
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJsUldXU0ozUVBaRVp0MUdlNUZEVDJGVmV3bEZhTFJuVk1wM1R6NGtiM1prY3ROM1V2VUZVcHRXZEVSamJZNUdNMHRrVjA5MGFaMWtSWlJuYTJCMVN2a3pMUUZYVnUxVVZGMVdlUlZrWTBoVll6cFZaaVZtWVQ1bVFydFdaaVZEZEp4RU1JdFVWdWRYWXpjbWR0bDJWcEJsZTRKVmRPOWlZTXBXU3dCVFk=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/V6mD2QiByZs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [032] Dhoom Music
http://?emwzVTFJRFRwZG5acmhGYXlWRGIyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwTm1Rd0kzVVo1RWIySWplbWhYTjZaRVZydFdXb2RGTXprbWNxdFVWNmQzYVhaalMxczJOdFpHWnlkR040aDNiT0ZtVlBkR2RGVjJacHBXU29KWFUyQW5Oa0ozTWhobWRZMTBhalpuUkRkR01yOVdPWk5GVldkV2FwWjBZa3AwYjJZbVFvSkZUc1oyTGg1MFR5MTJZeEFIT0xCemROZEZVbkJWWnlOMEtrSjFkSFZIYVZSWE5WRmtiUUZWYjVsRGVuSm1lTTVrVGtabk41VVVjUFJrY1M1MlZLOVVlb2xtTkhKV1RYUjNWTGhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gtvlive.com.bd/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/live-logo.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [033] Gazi TV
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZNVdURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnpaWFJsRjFOTHRtYkhabmRybGxhdzFHT3ZaWFMxaFRSelIyYlhSSFowTnphbHRFYmhOSFdMWmtic3hHTmgxMFNyZ21jak5UT1ZkRmVSNUVldlVVT3NaSFZORlZVTmwzS0JGRWJWaG5iaFpFWnUxV1V4eDJNeGxYZVFkM1Y1SVhiTGRsZVJSelVvWm1jeXhrU0RCMWR2Y25iMDUyVDBRamJCZHpLMVFVYnRaMWM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.deepto.tv/sites/default/files/deepto_tv_logo%20Edit.png" group-title="DISH TV", [034] Deepto TV
http://?PT1BY1hSRFRJTjFVNVpsU0JGek12WTNUS3AyWXhKWGR6UW5ZUjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.duronto.tv/global/admin/images/setting/logo2.png" group-title="DISH TV", [035] Duronto TV
http://?PT1nZFhSRFRJTjFVNVpsU0JGek12czJUS3AyWXhKWGR6UW5ZUjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/t-sports.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [036] TSports
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZWlhURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJsRjFOTGRuYkhabmRybGxldzFHT3ZaWFM2aFRSelIyYlhSblpVbERjVUpHY3dZbVFKaFhXMGxsUWFoV1pVcG5XdFYxUk9wVWRvcDBTaE5rWnFOWE9vSkdjQkZuVW9SWGNDVlVhNVUzVlBaMmJyeFVjeEpuVlpKblZZSm1kaFozYzJobmR5QTNZeWhtYTNsR1Z6WjNjc1ozVU1SRmFLZEdjMUpWUTBKRk4=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/Colors_Bangla_HD_TV_black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [037] Colors Bangla
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwcG1acmhGYXlWemIyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwTm1hVVYzYU5WM1pZQjFjV0ZqZFFCblZvWmtkMVFFVnhJWFZwQm5lUVptZUJKMFpRbFVjeXgwTjM5bVpvUkhNMmgxVHp0aWFOTmxkenhrVjNGR01VZG5ZclVYYWhObFVyRmpjMXdtV0lobE5wbDJjd1VtTkJ4bWMyUTNiRkpIYXBsVmQzRTBicGRtWWtSMWM1Um5NM1FXTjNSSGRJTm5Xc2hGYTFORk5SZG5WSEpuV3dJelFNbDJhSk5EVWgxV015ZFVhMkpuWVNCSGRHVlhlYVJYYzFoa2I1WWxUclYzTTB3VVVoaDJiRWREYnMxV2N5WVRNT1JGTnZselVpRmtkVjVXVUxwbVR3OVViWVZIVDI4U1d2VmtNaWhuWVdGM2E0Rm5TNGhqYjJCRFJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/k0i5kbGxf81.png" group-title="DISH TV", [038] Sony Max
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwRjJhaWQzWTZGM2RMcFVjMGhXVDFVMFN1Tm5jaUJqYzFkR1ZyQlhXS3hrY1lKVFF4Y1ZUMXRTU3lnSE12VUhlcjRVVTFSVGEwUTBUcVJsU29wRWE0SjBVU3hHV01oemF6NG1ha05XWTNzbVkxRlhSNVpXTVZwR1dySjJRc1ZWZHhOVFdyTURTM1pXV1ZoVVk1Y1dOc0ZIVFdoSGU0QTNMNVFHUnF0a2M1dGlWeWRYUjFFWFl6QjNaMUlHVTJjamI2RmtTdmNIZEc5R05NTm1RTmxIZFY1RVU0TlZhblYzUVJkRE41ZDJaaWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/EDghoaQSYjJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [039] 9XM
http://?PT13ZDVOVk55d1VhMloyYVlobWMxSW5OeG8wWjJFM2R3cEhkWUpEZDFKV1RyUTBLMngyU0dOblowMWtiSlZXY1NObGN3RlVZMkZVWmg1V2FSVjJkRjkyYzIxVVVFOWtUNmxtUzUwMlRSbDJNbWhHVDVjVGUxeGtkSkZsUjBKVFJySmxUNW8yTG41V2V0NTJhMGwwY1pSalZ2WlVVelFHU2k5bWR2VTFkcVpGZVBOMFZybFVZcFIyZHg0ME13b0dTTXBsYnJOVGN1ZFdkanQyYzRGM2NpZFRUeTRtYzJSWGUzTmplUDlVYnJZV1EyMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/SJT2p0fTxAJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [040] Zee Cinema
http://?PXdXZVRWak1NbEdkbXRHV29KWE5uWlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2Um5WSXRDYTRSalRZdFdRMGxVVzVOVVV0cG1SS3BVVzNna2J0TkRhdFJWZHFkSFRJaGtTMU5YVGw1V1RxQkRhd1JITTQ0V2MxWm5RQ0owVHhGbmEzNG1jWDVHYjBRWE9TOVdXcWwyYkZKbGN2Y1dPUzVHVFNsamRSZGxjSHQwY25oRVpyODJjbGhIUjFRRFdVMTBaV3gyYndVME1yaFVkenNXWnlsV2N3TmxlMFFuY29Kalk0TUVPc2QwTGFwblN4ZG1UUE5XY2tSVWM2UlVPR3AwU294MlZhWlVRS2RYZEdaVFYxRlRkUVpUT2hWRlp1bGxkMFFIT2tCSFMzZFhPWXRFY3Nka1FGTjBV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/5jV3f9QxcHs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [041] Zee TV
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwcG1acmhGYXlWVGMyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwWkZTcnNHZTA0RVdyRmtiSmxWZURGVmJ4WmtTS2wxTkloV2JuSlhlV0pIY2p0MmRITm1hc2hqTU5KRWNJRjNaNE4xUnhsWGRDZEVaekptZDNOVGF2TlZjb2hHVDJsRk4xSVhidllIZUpwRVIxbFhZa0p6YWp0MmJ5WWtWdGRFZTFra2QzeGthMlZ6VVJwV1Q1UkhiWTFXZUlGR2J4bDFjWTltY29kMVlhOUNTd1FIZTJZRVdTaHphdzgyTGhKM1Z0SlhWeGNrWmp4R1VDbFRjVngyY0daemJKZFRXdngyYXNKSFI0ZDNLaGxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/1HdlD6Nlx39.png" group-title="DISH TV", [042] Music India
http://?PVlYZVRWak1NbFdjbXRHV29KWE51WlRNS2RtTnhSSGM2UlhXNUVFYnhGMFVOQlZlNnRVTzFjM2N5TUhld2REVmFKRmM1Y0RXMGttTnFwV1NIUmpVSmwyUTFabFNSWkVkNGwwVDVzR2N1TkVjTkpXWWs1bVRvOUNWSXRHZU9ObmRyMUVPeEJsWnN4RWJEVm5UMDhtY2FKR2VvbERVTmhuVTN4VWJJZERSWXRtUTFWWE9rSlZjd3AwUVpGamV5NWtkUTlTTVVSWFpUSjNTeTFFY2lka1FrdFNkdE5IV0I1MmR3QVhPVUZYV2pwbWQ1VVVOa0JIYjRWVlF4SVRhWFpIVlFkRk5RWm5jbGRHYTVJblV4SldUd2xFUjRvbWV4NG1kM2RWYVY1R2VHaFdT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/GZ7tHf1hx1x.png" group-title="DISH TV", [043] 9X Jalwa
http://?NmwzVTFJRFRwZG1acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwaGxNMHRtWU50Q1JyWTNaTFowY21SWFR3bFVaeEoxVXloSFJpUkZWR1ZUZHVOemNONVVhcEoyUjRwR1p4cEhhSmRITXZRVWUxaFVTakoyYXpWME56aFVSbVpIZVlCbmJxUkdjdkFIUnZRa1R2OUNkbTlrVHBWSFcwTmpiMmNIYXZrMU1yY0ZOd3AyTjQwR2FpSm5ZRHAwTjBoV2F4aHpORVptTXlSVFRZWjNZeWgyZFdSbmFTWkhlaGxIYk81RVRuRlVVek5YWkpGSFMza25ObTVrZWhkVFVRdGtTc2x6Vld0RVpqZDNkTEJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8bOOXkJ1cLJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [044] BBC World
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWamUyRWpTblpUY3lCbmUwTm1XVTltUXpCbFk0WTFaNWxrUTFnRlZuZGtTcDlrU1MxMmRaSkVPdDlHYjJKRU5VcFhkdlJuUzBWallHcEhkVU5IVG5KSGF6cEdSUlIwVHAxMGIyOENhSUpYU3hjVFVuZFhjajVHTjNRR091VjNTSkZtUWhCSFRESjFVck5YY1BkM1QxUVVkeGgxUXZjelV6ZEhUUGhuUlRka2VUbG1jVVoyWTNwWFk1UWtObDlHVElKWFZ4UnpiemhuZHhnMmF5TldNRUJEYVdwV1FheDBRbmREYUhORWUxWXphNjkyTHhRMFRFaFhRdlVWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/0iLtx9H8sr5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [045] Aljazeera
http://?PTBXZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE40WlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2Um5VclVUZGhWbFVoTjJadTVVVHY1bVRWWm5ldkVYVmpwSGFHUjBaMjkyYXFObFN3WVZjcTFHVTRNelVQSmtiQkYyU3YxMmN3aEZNa2wyWktKSGNHRlRSNFlsYktGbVoxbGpWeUYzVnVaV1ZMRkhkMFpqZFRkRGFQVjBTbHBsUW5sVU5DSlZTVXgyYnZza1VVQjFaNmxGYnA1MGE2dDBSbWhtTTV3R2NIaEZiaXRHZDU0RVV0OUVjekJqTllSamE0VVhVNFV6U1Y5a2VIQkRTeEFIV3haMmNsaEdSMllIYjJnelR6a2tkQnRVTURGRE8xcEhlSHhFY3ZkM1NUWjBZVHBGY3BaR1R0bFVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/R0Q9g76k87Z.png" group-title="DISH TV", [046] Lotus Macau
http://?PW9YZVRWak1NbG1hbXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UlhabWRsY3ZVME1HZDBUeU5EVUlSVFRWbFhNVGhqYnpaR2JQUkZVNFVIYnVCVFp1aGtaeHAyU2xKbFJOVkVjUmgyWVRCWFo1cG5NUnQwVDFoSFM2WmpOWHBrYXZzMGFQbGtUc1JFYXNWVFpXcEhhVGRFY3NGVmMweGtTM1pHYjVKMlFPOWlhNTlXT2haWFU0OTBiV0ZrVTFGa2V0ZG1RSjEyU08xbWR4VW1aeXRXZXlRVlpXNUVkekJUZDRjblFweFdRbWhGZUkxa2V2WWtSNUJsZW9WV1RJZFVUQ1YzS3dkM1FHZGxieGdEVURORU5yZGtjUUZVZFh4V1p6aFRkMGdGZU9kbFR5UVVX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/485iHu5R5IB.png" group-title="DISH TV", [047] Ary Digital
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbEdjbXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTnhkR2M2Um5aU1ptYnBoMWR4NVdPdXRpTWhSSGV2cDJNYVJXWXhOemJ3RjNLamhFTTBsRWJQSjNTMmxIVXlOa1l6TWtiS0ZqVFA5bWFxeDBkblJIVndwWGR6aGpTcjhDYkl4bWVFVkVidmR6WjVaMGMyZEhad2szYVoxR2N0VmxOMEFGVzFsV1FFaDBkQnBYWllGRVR4a1RkWUpETXhaRVV0RlZOM0JsY1ZoR1p2SWtObVpXZUpwSGN6WUZhcGRGUnZjWGRTOTJOU05HTmtsa2I1QW5VS0JYTjZWRE5WRjBTRDltV3YxbWQydzBiVlJqVzJkRFdycFZRM3NtVTU0V2VEOUVUek1IYlpsVVJxNTBO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/t1Dt29onOQT.png" group-title="DISH TV", [048] Ary Zindagi
http://?PTRXZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE5xWlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2Um5aU1pXY3BoMWR4NVdPMXRpTWhSSGV2cDNNYVJXWXhORGR5dGlhQjFtVHJGbVVFRlRWNUpIVXljVWFtQlRhWHBFUklaRE90WjFUelprY214V053WkRWMzBFYXB4ME5KQmxNdGhuY1ZWRU1yb1dVb1p6YXBWMmEzbG1aRmxUTXVobFMzUUZhWUJYU0tWMmNsdFNlSjlrTWFOR1N4dG1TekFuUUVWbldNSjFZNFYwYnpvbk41VVZSdWxYYlRGVFZ1dEdjM01tVTVzQ2E0WjJZUmxGTnBaSFdXOW1RcjVXVUVKVlRrNUVhbFYxVFFGMFQzSkZNd2NXVEdSM2N3cDJVaWxFYklGVFlUUmth
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2oGVLjEB0gi.png" group-title="DISH TV", [049] Rai Italia
http://?PXNXZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTnhCSGM2Um5WNEJsZDA4eVJRdG1XM0prVjFoV1l3VlhVeVpHYUpsSGNMbERaR0pGVW9wVmN5dFdOcE5uYVJkRVJ5UUZhREpYTkpGSGQ0bGtTM3NDVTJRSFVYZEZlTWhsZFNOMk5sbFhOcUZUYzFkMEtxSkhPb1pEY0ROVWFPcG5NdmQzY3BoMFY0d2thenNXU3JBSFRRVlRkUnBGV3Bsa1IwdFNZTmhVYjJjWFM0QVZOWk5sYmlCekx4ZEZOdFJWUXFsVFpubDNMelZYWnAxbWJNaG5ZNEpUZXlCVlZsbGxOdlpYY3hOek5ESjFaWWhsZHpsVmJ6bFdiRVZ6YjBNWE1EZHpLWWRsYmhOV05DaDBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/b12C5CpfsdY.png" group-title="DISH TV", [050] Euro News
http://?PXNXZVRWak1NbG1lbXRHV29KWE52WlRNS2RtTngxR2M2UkhaNHhHZXgwMEwxa25RM1JHZDJSVWVCRlhhMmNWYnFoMWRoZFhhQk5VV3VoVVZ3Z0ZaWjkyVTBZMk5taERjNGdITVU1a1d5bDBLdmxXVzZwMlp6WUVUMlIzWko5Q09pbDBNdGRGT3M1a2U1SjNaMlFIU1FWbWN4Y1ZaR2QyYzNoRGJDVkZNWnAzYml0V2NFMTJidmMyWk5WMmJ3ZGxXU056U3B0V1phRmxTSk5XZFNkVlFzRkRPMEZVVG90MFphQjNOVTlXVlhkVmE1WkZObkJuY3hWa1pYbEhjdGxYTVJGVWQwSm5hb3hrV2hKVGQ0UlROelUzVjRjWGJvNTJTSTltZFh4RWNhcFVa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eH2YVqXcen0.png" group-title="DISH TV", [051] ABC Australia
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE41WlRNS2RtTnhoR2M2UkhWbFJsYmtKM0s2aDBkM1JGUkNsM1VMMVdhMFFuUndBSGF0cG5ja0pEZDBaVE9IRlZjemNtYm1Ka1VqWkRlRWhIY0JaelIzaEZXeU5rYVRoMlE0QVZaaVZFYUloRFZZcEdTcEoyS0ZSSGFXSkhXVGRUVXlRMmRyZFdSMVp6ZHdWbFkxZzNLdDVtWm5GM1JuRjNhRGxsZEMxR1d2NVViamxuY3h4MlRyRjBMWXRpYjN3VWIyVkdidVpuVXBSVFpteFdVSnBrZXZsV2VMbERhaTltTTJ4V093QlhlRUpIZVVaellDUkZhRmhUYjVKVlFyQmpRTEJET1VaWFRtdDJhQmhuY2poSFpsUjFk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Dr5As01pn0B.png" group-title="DISH TV", [052] PTV World
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWVGQyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwWmxWNEFuTnVKRVVUZGpkUFJWZElGVWFxSlhRamRqZFpoM05xMTJhU3QwYmlkVk9NRkdVNlJ6ZGl4bWVHSjNOdFZtU1lWRWEzWWphVTkwTnVkbVowSldkNmQzTWxkVFFHVjFaMVkyY3JSemRyZFdheXQyWW1sbVRyUlRaQmwzZG5kM1lCVmxRbnRpY3haR1cwb0hNVE5uU0VOWGIxOEdhWFYwYTNsemRTVmxSTkYzZHg5aWRHbEZhNXRDTWw5a1MxZG1aaGRtTllobWVCeEVVTGhXY3h3V1dhOVdWclJtUTNwRWMza0dPaGxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/rlCNJtTWjqR.png" group-title="DISH TV", [053] RT News
http://?PT1RYzVOVk55d1VhNloyYVlobWMxTW5OeG8wWjJFM1p3cEhkWFptYXFOVk15bDJVbUpuTllOamRHVkdlem9IYkJsSFJyUjFhWnRFY1ZoWGM1UVZiNk5XYnJFVGM1bDFUcFJGT25WelJMWkhNd0Z6YnI5MGEzTUdldzBtUW5aWGQ0RVdTdU4zVjVobVdRRmtiQ3RVVnY0V1MxZFVVM1ZGT254Mk0zZHpMMXdVYjJOVWVQZGpXbnAzUlhsRk5JaG1UVnRpZXNkamVtUjNVVGRqWnRsVWJ5ZDFUeGwyUXlvRk9GZDJiS2RHTU5WMFoxMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/mi3DwvgJwBz.png" group-title="DISH TV", [054] PTV Global
http://?PXNXZVRWak1NbEdlbXRHV29KWE5vWlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2Um5WV2hqYTI0bVFRTjFONTlFVjFoVVFwNW1jQk4yTjJsMWIzUVZkc2RrU3Ixa1F2Sm1lUUYzY2l4R1p6bzNaM04zTXdrbU5yVm1RV05YVnlsM2JLNVdkNFluZDFZWFdrUlZScVpqTXlnblJMZDJjdmdtVDFWamJqVnpUb1ptUXRWamVaUlZSbmxXYjBGVFZEZFRiWnBWZDNwbmVwRlRTS2RsWTBFSE1RMW1hYXAxYlpaa2RxWjBUdjUyTjFrRlVDdEdVd0UyUURWRGN5ZzJNMVYyTHd0bVJrbEZkeFIzUzFZRlVCRmpheklITVdCWFp1VjFNeVJtUlExbVpIZFVkTFpGYlpWbFNrZEdU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8U14b8HzJeF.png" group-title="DISH TV", [055] NHK World Japan
http://?NWwzVTFJRFRwZG5acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3FCbmUwTjJOeXhtYXZGM1pNWkdkNDVrVXZKektudENTYU5IYzFWWFltZEhNMFZWZFBSVmE1Qm5NemQySzRFamNTbDNZdWwwYXpGa2VoNUVNQ2xrUjBGV016RTFibFpYY01kRGJTeG1lcmQxYjJRelN5cGtONk56ZDMxMlZEWlRaTWhGY3JKelkxbzJhdmxYV3ZVMlYwVUhaUDVXVTZWa2VGWjFaeDhHYXBsa05zeDBhWHBtY2tSWFJQUkVhRDUwWlhGWFJ6TmxWWGxFVVo5bWJ5bG1NRlZsZTEwV1dPWlhNMkJqUkxWMlNMZEdNdlZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8nly7s6w8nI.png" group-title="DISH TV", [056] AL Arabiya
http://?PWtXZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnhsR2M2UkhWbFJWY2tKM0s2aDBkdlJGUkNsM1VMbFdhMFFuUndBWGJySkRWelJsZG50bVF6bFRUeWdYZFlKME0zTURhUzlHYWgxMFNwRjBiSGwwTEoxbWQ0TVRRd29sYjRGVFNrTlVOcWRUT3d0bU01OW1jNlZXVUJaSGJPRkdNcFJqTjVGVWQxYzJLWDVXU3lSVmRyQmxjR0pUTTZWbFM1NWtTRkYzSzRkMmQ0RVZRMXRXZTY5RVQ0SWxXd2x6WjJJVllYSlhlRGxWY1BkbmJ6VjBhM05HZTQ5VWFWTnpNejFtYndGMlIxdFVlRVZHUnl0aVp3QkhWTzFFTkY5R1UzeG1XbXBsY3o5Q1V3MVVX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/jq7qr2d6FF6.png" group-title="DISH TV", [057] DW
http://?PT13ZDVOVk55d1VhdFoyYVlobWMxZ25OeG8wWjJFSGN3cEhkbUpUWTF0Mll6Y2xRRFJIVDNVM1ZONWtkT05XVTBjM2RyWjBjek1YV0I5V2JrcDBLeXQwZHgxRWJ3SlVOMFZqUmk1MlZYZEdkd04zTnpoMWJDRkZVdmtIY3NwVmJSMTJibFJuVkQ5RWFNUkdiamxHZFpsbWVvbEhSWVZsZXpSWGJvaG1RSmxsZXpwV1JJZDFOME5XUzFwbmJXQm5ScUZUY3Q1V2RYUlhTVjFFWnFobWRDOWlVRVJYTU1CMVoxUldhMWRXYmtKMmRyMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/asiantv.jpg?" group-title="DISH TV", [058] Asian TV
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwdG1acmhGYXlWemMyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwTlZPUHRXV3VaMVl3UjJjSVpHVVNwbFlzcG1iTDlHVDFWbmRUTlhleGMxWm85eVV4TUZNclJETUM5aWJaTjNSVWxVZHJnRmNGcEZTelJGTnFoekt6Um1UR3BHWm5obVk0OEdlNGRVUzNkVGM2VlRjcWxrYnBSM1ZNZDFOcWwxWlVsV2UzRTBUdWxVYXB0a1pSZFhhNWNFTnp4VWNJWkRkNkJsVXdSalNPOXlkUHBIVHdnM0xtcEhkc2RFVzJzVWE0RmpUWGRtVDVrSFd3WldWMFVIYnhNbmNQdHlWb1ZYUnpZRVQxaDNNMWRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_368,h_207,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-channel_1643519345/channel_list/zing_1104009900.png" group-title="DISH TV", [059] Zing
http://?M1ZIVG9Kak5qbFhlUzlpTTNsemI0NVdSM0FUVHZsbmJtQnpWeFJITll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWF5SldNeXBsYXVObmMxbFZiVlZsYXFSRFR3dFdPejVVUjRWR2JHOUdiczkwWTQwbWRoNVVjeEpGUjJwWFIwY2tNd2xYZTFFVVpEcDJkV1pXUm1aR2VyMTBWVWRETlBaWFJ5Um5jV0owZGExbU5PcDFMdEYwUlJkRlIxZDJUTFpWYjJjMGIzQlhSTnBIZDFwbWM0TXpZVmRIVVFaRWVWdGtkNGMwUUVkV1FwVlVjc3RHUnY1bWRIQlRVQjUyYm9kSFVYSldhdzEyS0dOak5NTkhPa2xVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_368,h_207,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-tvhd_0/channel_list/09tvhd_0tvhd.png" group-title="DISH TV", [060] &TV
http://?cVZIVG9Kak5qVlhlUzlpTTNsamM0NVdSM0FUVHlsbmJtQnpWeHhHTll0MGNDTkZjMFpsUjB3bWFuSldNeXBsYXUxbWMxbFZiVlZsYXFSRFR3dFdPdjVVUjRWR2JHRkhiczkwWTQwbWVoNVVjeEpGUjFwWFIwY2tNdzlXZTFFVVpEcG1iV1IxWjZabVdySnpMdk5qV1psbld5bFdkSUpsYVJWR1RqUnpaMnRXZXhaM1p6d21lME5qVDFOelpJTlVUWU4xYzZGbGFxTm1WMG9XWkNKVFNrQm5hSUIzYmFCSFIyUm5lazVtYTZsSE1NaFhVSmhVYlhOVllQMWtNMEpUY3pGbFF5aFhTbGRGVW5CSGVLeDBOeEVqWm85aU55b0dTTlZYYk5sR1VwNWtlMlJtZTFnSGEwaFVlYVpYUUNwR2VRTlhTVmxYYVY1bU5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925740365s.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [061] &Picture
http://?NlZIVG9Kak5qaFhlUzlpTTNsRGU0NVdSM0FUVDZsbmJtQnpWeEJITll0MGNDTkZkMFpsUjB3bWFzSldNeXBsYXVsbWMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPcTVVUjRWR2JHdEdiczkwWTQwV2JoNVVjeEpGUndwWFIwY2tNdzlXZTFFVVpEcFdkV3BsTUVwSFcxbGxZM1YyYjVBWFpLRjNZaE4xZDBGVVR6WVZTd2xETTN0bWFSUjNLMVFFU1VCRGQ2TlZRUHRFYjFoRU9oRldjRHhtWTBaemJUdGlkYUpWZFNwM0s0Um1hMFZYWlRwSFNxUnpkWHhFYXZoSE81Z0dlcHBWWWg5U2RtRkhhRDVtTTVWSGN2dEVSNVUxUnZWbmVFTmpXeWhXYnhWbFYzQlRiVEpqTUo5VVN1cFhkdFpFU2o1MllaSlRlVDltZExSVU1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://asset.ctv.ca/image-service/version/c:YTgyOTU0ODctNWJiNy00:N2YwZGJj/image.png" group-title="DISH TV", [062] MTV
http://?NGwzVTFJRFRwWm5acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUY3FCbmUwTlZaUXRXZExsMlNLTm1jaGwwTkxKbFZ0NW1XRkpXV0pkR2FxSlVNSkZ6ZEZSa2F4bGtaM0IzWXdaRk5LNVdjdE5tZEhaRGJCOVdXU1JsZTZselJPRldWM2NuWTE4R2VLcDNhUGRrY0ZKVWN1aEdhMlVtZUdKM1pUMW1ZQkpVYWhoak5wcDJhd1J6TEdGbGE1b0hSdnRXTklwbWN3b0hSU2RIUzRSWFc1OWlWQ2RHYk4xRWVEWm1ldkZYVHlSMlF5aEVWd3NTWUhaM1IzVTJZcGhrY3FoelFHMVdUcGxYWXFOMFIzQkhWaWxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_368,h_207,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-zeeclassic/channel_list/09zeeclassiczeebollywood.png" group-title="DISH TV", [063] Zee Bolywood
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbEdkbXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnh0R2M2Um5WSXRTYTRSalRZdFdRNGxVVzVOVVV0bG5SS3BVVzNnVWNzTlVSaWRFWjVWVlFxUkdNeU1YV0doWFdQZG1hNGhEVUhOVWM1OW1kTVpEV1JObld2TWtkNElqYzVsbmJLbGpSdjlpUTA5MllGTjNMemwxTVZGM2MzOW1XSkYzWnFKamVrOWtNU0ZuVFNsbVZSTnpaQmxtVnlnSFY2TjJNMElHVHlSSGRPVldlenhFYXBObFNSRkdjdGxGVDBvMFZ2OUdSRmgyTno5Q2FtVkRjSmxqUnA1VVNYVlRWMHAzU0lObmRNaGtiMjAwVTVvVlF3TmpNeEVuZEhOM0syb2tOTlpFZTJZR092RmtN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://exchange4media.gumlet.io/news-photo/98204-xplore.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [064] &xplor
http://?c1ZIVG9Kak5qQlhlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVHRsbmJtQnpWeHhHTll0MGNDTkZhMFpsUjB3bWE0SldNeXBsYXVGbmMxbFZiVlYxZHFSRFR3dFdPbzVVUjRWR2JHcEdiczkwWTQwV2FoNVVjeEpGUm9wWFIwY2tNd05YZTFFVVpEcEdhV1oxU3BWRU53VlVXMU1uVnhWWGNSRjFLUDFHY1pGMFpxSkRNbjlpVTQwV2FoaFhTdkExWnVKSGF6UUdNQnRpVnVwbFNVZDNRMVZYTjVCekt4VlhiMTVrWXlFelFyeFdkNGsyWWpSSE5yNEdNVU5qZVpoRGN5SkhVMTFrTXhSMUtpcDNNeVFVV3ZNSGJRRjJTU1pYVTB4V1ZYcG5XeE1uY3hJbVNKSm5keVUzVnlnVFd2eEVWWUIxU2l0Mk53VWxTVDFtZTBSM1FSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_action.png" group-title="DISH TV", [065] Zee Action
http://?cFZIVG9Kak5qUlhlUzlpTTNsemE0NVdSM0FUVDZsbmJtQnpWeDVHTll0MGNDTjFjMFpsUjB3bWF4SldNeXBsYXVabmMxbFZiVlYxYXFSRFR3dFdPcTVVUjRWR2JHbEdiczkwWTQwbWNoNVVjeEpGUnZwWFIwY2tNd2hYZTFFVVpEcG1lV0oyUjNZbWFwRmpkUWRtWVlKWFRROVNhRUYxYTJrelNSdFdNeXgyUk45Mk5PTjNTaVZHTkZKR2F6WURacGRtYzVOMFRhSm1WekFYY3NkVU9DMWthWGhqTXJoa2R2eDJRWjlXT0ZSblp2SjFMekpGYTFGVFYwMFVZM1JWTjJ4V1NLVlhNM2xWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/800/202002/zee-biskope.jpeg" group-title="DISH TV", [066] Zee Biskope
http://?dVZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNselo0NVdSM0FUVHlsbmJtQnpWeDFHTll0MGNDTkZlMFpsUjB3bWFySldNeXBsYXVGbmMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPcTVVUjRWR2JHRkhiczkwWTQwbWFoNVVjeEpGUjVwWFIwY2tNd1JYZTFFVVpEcG1kV1JXTXVObFN5bGtUNVFIYjV4V1RXaGtXc0pGZHdSWE40Y2tUMVp6Y0lsak1TTkhaemR6S05oa2JVbFZZWHRrVjFWSFpIZGpaM1FIYTNNbllYMW1jMEoyWTFNMmF4TkdSMlJXWnprM1Z1bEVUbnRVYlVaWFJ3UmpXeUpIVjUxVVNGQm5iS0JUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/400x300/201901/zee-anmol.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [067] Zee Anmol
http://?dVZIVG9Kak5qNVdlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVHJsbmJtQnpWeGxITll0MGNDTjFaMFpsUjB3bWEzSldNeXBsYXVabmMxbFZiVlYxY3FSRFR3dFdPMTVVUjRWR2JHVkhiczkwWTQwR2RoNVVjeEpGUnhwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcFdiV0YyVERoVU92VjNjeXBYVngxV1UzQlhVc0IzY3lKVWR6ZGtkdHRXUnROek5ZbFdTME5rZEZ0VWMxaGxUekVqYzIxME12d21VWEJuVzRwRk94ODBiVlJYWjVZVmFveDJZbGRXYTVvSFZvRmxRUkYwZHdCRGEyUkVic3htVE9oemJoNVdkVEZqWkZCMWNXZEVaMzBVTjNCWE1xUjNZd1FIT3JrV2JTWkRhNW8wUVhwa1JuSm1ZSFZGU3BoMlJ4WnpVdU56Y0hsMFRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Zee-Anmol-Cinema.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [068] Zee Anmol Cinema
http://?MFZIVG9Kak5qdFdlUzlpTTNsVGU0NVdSM0FUVHlsbmJtQnpWeHRHTll0MGNDTmxjMFpsUjB3bWF3SldNeXBsYXVKbmMxbFZiVlZsY3FSRFR3dFdPMDVVUjRWR2JHeEdiczkwWTQwbWRoNVVjeEpGUnJwWFIwY2tNd2hYZTFFVVpEcDJhV04yU2FKMVFvTmtZSFZYVE5kR1d6bzNRWnBXYk85U2RFSjBWcVozYUpSVU1peFdkWVZWZEpSbGFGUkhVM3AyZDZOR2JrWkRPVzFtYndVbk41UVdlb3RtZXJkbFJ4TnpjRHRtTkhwSFNraERVdEYwY3JnV1NKTnpWb1JXZXVWV1JydzJhTjlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_cafe_hd.png" group-title="DISH TV", [069] Zee Cafe
http://?NlZIVG9Kak5qWlhlUzlpTTNsVGU0NVdSM0FUVHpsbmJtQnpWeGxITll0MGNDTjFkMFpsUjB3bWF5SldNeXBsYXV0bWMxbFZiVlZWYXFSRFR3dFdPdTVVUjRWR2JHMUdiczkwWTQwR2FoNVVjeEpGUnVwWFIwY2tNd0JYZTFFVVpEcFdhV1JsVXpaMlQ0MVdlaE4zTVZSblVwWjJOWVpIYXFWSFdycEdPdlIxZGt4RU1wdEdOVXRXWXhGRmRubDBVRGRYVjR4a2NCVldRenhtZUtkWE1ETmplRFJIYXRwRlM0aFRkNTRXY0xOblp6SkRVUDlFZFN0bWR3TldjeFZUZHRsVlJMOVdaUWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://english.cdn.zeenews.com/sites/default/files/2019/05/22/788840-zee-classic.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [070] Zee Classic
http://?NlZIVG9Kak5qZFhlUzlpTTNsVGE0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeHRHTll0MGNDTmxlMFpsUjB3bWEzSldNeXBsYXVwbWMxbFZiVlZsZHFSRFR3dFdPczVVUjRWR2JHSkhiczkwWTQwMlpoNVVjeEpGUnFwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcG1lV0ZtVENWalJ3aGxVQ2RVTktGM2FhaFVXeDAwYTVkbWRyQWpUeTVHTzBVSE1MdG1ZRlpqTnpkMWJ6SlhNamRYUXFOMWNRTjNaTWxXT2xORFozWUZhWE5FU0NGMFN2dDJLU2RWT2twbWJwZFROdmQwY2paa2JUQlRhcVJYTmFGMGFGbFdSU1ZUUjVoRWE2eG1jNDRHZHhaWFV4WTJTcFYzUm5sbWRwZEhkb0pFYk10aWVwaFdTQ3BIVXdrR01DSlZZV0JqZDE1MlkzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Zee-Cinemalu-HD-logo11.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [071] Zee Cinemalu
http://?PUlYZE1obU0yTTJhNUoxTHljWE90aG5iRmRETU5kWGV1WkdNWEYzYTBnMVN6SjBVeVJuVkdSRGJxWm5ZeEluV3E1R2V5VlhXdFZWVm5wR05NQjNhNW9tVEZoWFpzWlVlc3gyVGpoVGJ6Rm1UeEZuVUVsbWVGUnpSeUFIYzVWVFFsTmthMlpWWlpkVVd3bG1lME4yTG5WbWNwZEVhSUowS3JkSGNwZFdSdWRHTXNWMlZKaEdheFpIT25SV1l2bEVUaHRFZGpobmRtTmpVQ2RFYTB3MmFydFdPM0pETnZjWGNraG5VWmR6U3BKbGQxd0ViVEpHTzBKRk4wVm1lT3RXVllGV2NRWlhlUjlrTlQxa1V6VlhiUFpuY1NoMlY2ZFdTWkoxWjFnRFpKbERk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_etc_bollywood.png" group-title="DISH TV", [072] Zee Etc Bollywood
http://?dlZIVG9Kak5qUlhlUzlpTTNsRGI0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeHBITll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWFvSldNeXBsYXU1bWMxbFZiVlYxYnFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHeEdiczkwWTQwR2FoNVVjeEpGUjNwWFIwY2tNdzFXZTFFVVpEcG1hV0YxYTBoV1lzVkhPMW9XVEJsWFlyOXlhRHRHYkxobmRxcEhOcWhYWW5OV2M0b25hWjVrYjNVM1pzTlVaeXAwTnNsM1JZWkhiQ1JYWXNKbWN0bGtkNDhrVzBjRGI2eDBhM0VYV1p4V1czSm1kSTlDY0l4V1RGZEhkeVYzZDBRbWN5MDJaTVZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/5-54845_star-plus-star-plus-logo-png.png" group-title="DISH TV", [073] Star Plus
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJsUldXU1ozUVBaRVp0MVdhNUZEVDJGVmVybEZhTFJuVk14bVRCZFhZTHBuZTJKbGFUSmtRNlpVVnhrblRZaG5UNWxsWWpWM2NNVmtZU2hVVDBOMlZDSlRTdmdIYXlVbmRScDJaVVozTmtkMEs2ZGtSNjl5YUlWWFd6RTNkM1EyWnhSRVROcDBaeloyVnpoWFp0aDJjbFpuYW01VWI1RTNjSDFtVDBaVVM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/sony-sab-hd-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [074] Sony Sab
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZWlhURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJsRjFOTFpuYkhabmRybDFadzFHT3ZaWFM1aFRSelIyYlhCblptcDNSekZEY2p0aWF5c1VOb0ZVUzZCellETkhiUkZFYzBnRmFWbEhOWGhXT3M1R1Z0SjFaSDFXVG9aalQzc0Nib2gzS1pGbVI1SjFacTUwVU1kR2RNSmtUNjlpY1VOVFNKRkZWNUpqV3Qxa2FocFdST2hHVHlaMmFaNWtUa1JtVXpOME0=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.indiantelevision.com/sites/default/files/styles/smartcrop_800x800/public/images/tv-images/2015/04/13/sony.jpg?" group-title="DISH TV", [075] Sony Entertainment
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZbFhURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWjFaWFJsRjFOTHBtYkhabmRybEZhdzFHT3ZaWFNuaFRSelIyYlhwR1owWW5lbVZGZFN4R09PbGxVdEpuYXk5MmFoMVdkUVJsWTZwa2JVcFhRbE5VVnZsVVdGUjNTM0kzTlF4VWRQOTBicUptUTJZMFNySmpaclkzTndoWGNPSjJTNWtEYnhnbWFVSjFhc3BFVXJObGQ1RjNLUkZHV3R0R2UwRW1VWFJtY3BSMFE=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://songringtonedownload.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Colors-Tv-Serial-ringtone.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [076] Colors Viacom
http://?MmRrV3lFVU5ZNVdURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJscEZVbzkyYjVrR2RuaFVjd2sxY2haamE2NUdNMzVVUU5Sbk1hRlZjUEYwYjE4MlZFVlhhemh6WjRrRE1NZEdiMTBtWTNZRmRQRmtjNUZXUnhGbllvSjFTVVYzYXc4MFZoVmpldmNFTU85aVNyWkZWNkYzZHk4R2MxWkhVRFpXYUVGa1Exa1VQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.rapidtvnews.com/images/2019/Feb_2019/Colors_logo_-_26_February_2019.jpeg" group-title="DISH TV", [077] Colors Asia
http://?PTBXZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE51WlRNS2RtTnhCSGM2UjNZcVJGYnIxVWRuaEZVdFpWTTJCRmNXUm5SMlZEUlVGVGJYdHlLMndVZHNsbFlFbFdlTlJYYTJ4V1JwTjJiaWxIT1hOVlc0aEhlMVFrVW5WWGNNSlZkM0lqZXZ4bVVXTlRleFZuTTFKVFpMaFdjM0lqWURka2R5UjFNV1JuZHlwV01MOVVNNHRXWTJkMWJCQmpjSk5GY0Z0MFIzSnpOM1kyVEhKWFV5SW5kMEExWlpWa1FyWWtjMUpIZHZFR2RVaG5ZcVYyUWxSVmNzcG1hNDUwYXVsMWM1QkhaamRuVk1sRlV0bFVlS2RrVlBaRFRyWm5ZdnQyUmtsM1Z6TmpNUk5sZE14a2J0NVdk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/s8IBAPVHazB.png" group-title="DISH TV", [078] Sony Six
http://?NWwzVTFJRFRwWm5acmhGYXlWemMyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwbDFUcnRXT25kMlltVkZibnRDTXpsWFQzRlVSTUZIUnpoMkxCbFdZd3dHYlZ0RWQ1SWpaclIwWnZzMmN0bEdTNXRTU1l0R2VwQlZSbmxFTTVKR1pqVlRjaU4zVm81RVV6SmtjcWhtZTRFRFN2SkRWeUZFUnBwSFRyRTBUWkYzYTBGelR0ZHpic2RVVkw5eVo2Sm5hTFpWTWhwV2Uwa1hWMEozTTZkRVY1Um1WSkZYTm9oblphQmxjeG9uZHMxbVl5VnpUR0pEU3pWWFdqMVVkeFJsYUJaWFc0ZFdOMGRGZDVabFJyRUhNejBVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Rhmi59G3O4D.png" group-title="DISH TV", [079] Sony Ten1
http://?PXNXZVRWak1NbEdhbXRHV29KWE5uWlRNS2RtTnhoR2M2UkhWWFJYZHBsbGRpSkVVNTUyVXJzeVZPeFdXRGRVVnFWWGU1OWtkUlp6TjV4MlpEcG1iWWhtWllKSGVwUmphanRTVDNkelEySlVUUVJUVzBOWFUzSnpkaUJsYlZkM0t3dzJVcFZVT3lrV1pJUlhOMU5sTndoamNXUkdkUGhWVXFGRldXSkdWVnRXVG1KRmQ1QkRjeVlGUm5aRE91UjNMNmxtUTBjSGI1aEVTSnRVY0t0VVZ3a0VOd1pVYnpaelN5UlhWcVprYjM0VWRwZFRNTXhFWnVoekt5azFVQ0ozY0NOR1ZSSmphNWNqY0hGVlV5cFdPcWRFU09oWGVQTldTNk5qZHlvVVc2bEZN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/27bE6UrXVzf.png" group-title="DISH TV", [080] Sony Ten2
http://?PU1YZVRWak1NbDJjbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTnhWSGM2UlhZckpHY2pwWGMzdGtTblJIYU5WVFJMZDNjeUpHTXlWSGFTZFRNNDkyVng5MlFMRldaNWNuY05Oa2RRWldldFZsYll0RVZvWlVlMEZuUzNSWFdYaDBRQ0ptYUVsM2FtZEhOMWhWYndzR2FvZDNURGgwY3FkRmRyTnpSVnRTUXBKa1ExNG1TaUJuU0NwMWFRNVdkMWRUUm1SMVlyUjBTc0oxZHpVbld0UnpNQlZIYjFBVGNvNWtadDVtZXZ0V2Q2cEdjNVEyUjVSa2NKZFhXdU5VTTJCMVozaFhhV2gySzVwMFZIcGxiUlZUZEJkM1V2bFRTNUozTWtsV00xQjNkYU4xYjJoelRaaEVl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logodix.com/logo/947778.png" group-title="DISH TV", [081] Star Sports 1
http://?cmRrV3lFVU5ZeFdURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJsUldXU3QyUVBaRVp0MVdiNUZEVDJGVmUxbEZhTFJuVk0xR1VSWm5kMkVGZElWMmNoRjJOdGRXVTM1bVRVcFhlNE1rU09KamVwWkdkUVJGVTVKVFNNZFdXcmxHTktObE0yeG1ieDAwYjFKV1ZwNTBRNlJ6Y1RsMlJVSlVlT2xFZEhWa2RWVmxTb1ZEY1RGVGV5VlhNeGxVZXZjVWN5RUdjaHBFTnpGRmI=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logodix.com/logo/947782.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [082] Star Sports 2
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJsUldXU1IzUVBaRVp0MTJkNUZEVDJGVmV1bEZhTFJuVk1ablR4TW5ZMGhtZDJvbFZFRmxkM2xuWm9OV1NHVjNLUDFHU3ljM2R4QlhjV1IzYTROa1EzUjJOTDkyTGt0eWNJRm5lakpGUlVSbFJ1ZEdNcGxsWURkWGMzZDNhYVJrYVlSV2IwSjNiM1pqUzQ4a01pdDJjM05uWnJrMmJESjNWT05tTXdaRlc=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logodix.com/logo/947786.png" group-title="DISH TV", [083] Star Sports 3
http://?NmRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5eWR6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJsUldXU2wyUVBaRVp0MUdhNUZEVDJGVmVvbEZhTFJuVk05bVR4TW5ZMGhtZTJvbFZFRmxkdWxuWm9OV1NHVjNLUDFHU3ljSGR4QlhjV1IzYXVOa1EzUjJOTE4zTGt0eWNJRjNjakpGUlVSbFIwZEdNcGxsWURSWGMzZDNhYVJFY1lSV2IwSjNieVpqUzQ4a01pWjNjM05uWnJrV2JESjNWT05tTTJaRlc=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://aimages.willow.tv/willowhd_h40px.png" group-title="DISH TV", [084] Willow
http://?eWRrV3lFVU5ZeFdURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJsRjFOTEZuYkhabmRybFZhdzFHT3ZaWFNyaFRSelIyYlhkSFp5UTJZUjlpYzNBWFdyVnphc2QwS205V09IRjNZSkoxWTVBbGRuRkRkQnBWY3hWWFF2d1VlUnBITkVKemNEZEhhc0ZUYlRsSGNvOTBjNmhEVG9kblZIUlZUM0JqZXAxR1o2VmpTcnAzTVZOWFRCbEhkM05uZDRSa2NNaDBac2xWWTBCM0s=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://assets.beinsports.com/3.2.8/images/logo-locator.png" group-title="DISH TV", [085] Bein USA
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5Q2R6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJsRjFOTDFtYkhabmRybGxidzFHT3ZaWFNwaFRSelIyYlhaWFoxYzBWMlFsY3hwRVI1cG1ZMnRHVXljMFNyWVhPcHBrTWFGVWM0NUdXaTltVnY1RVNpVjFVdHAyVUpaRlM2bG1kRTFtZHVSWFRzRjFjdWx6ZHk0V09CUm1XbmxtY3YxVVk1VTBiMGRGV3JNME1RZEdPekJuTmF0aWNOZFRWTGhWZDBCMVU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/49/BeinSport1.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [086] Bein Sports 1
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZeFdURlpWYmg5Q2V6MFdaSVJIWm9aWFJsRjFOTFJuYkhabmRybFZidzFHT3ZaWFNvaFRSelIyYlhsR1pFNUVlenQwZHpFWGVuUkhkclZWU3pvM1NDdG1OUlJrY21kRWQwUjNUa2QwUXRSVlIxTmtRcGwyVncxVVo0WVdlNFpqVnJoWFQ1RmtNeDBVT3VWbmJXRlRjcE4yZDNVbk5DcFZPMkZXWTI5U1dMeFdVdmNqV0lCVmIza2tTNUJETjFoMlU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6594.1491352241.png" group-title="DISH TV", [087] Bein Sports 2
http://?MmRrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJsRjFOTEZuYkhabmRybFZjdzFHT3ZaWFM2aFRSelIyYlg5R1pxVkhNWXRTYXdkVFpQUlVSb2hGYjJsa1Qwc0diMk1qZDJ3RWRyQlRlM2cwWXBCemRUSmpWR3QyUU9wbVp4cEZhSzEyWXU5eVNyaG1kdjVHWnZNSFR3a2xRTHgyYkJGWFJXMUdaek5HZVBSVVRocDJSUWxGVjFsVWRTZDBZMk5EVzNka1E=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bein.com/mena/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2020/06/HD3-1.png" group-title="DISH TV", [088] Bein Sports 3
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZcFhURlpWYmg5Q2R6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJsRjFOTDFtYkhabmRybDFhdzFHT3ZaWFNxaFRSelIyYlhsR1pyZ1ZhMmQzYm9WSE1KRkVWcmxHUjVwR2UyZDJRSHAxUU01a2NFSjNiVlZXYjZsWE13bHpMdlIzVmw5aWF2QXpjU0IxVHlNVVc2bEZjTlJqZTFOWFZ5Sm1iMnRHZG4xR2E1WUdkdVpYVHdvbmNpNUdlRlZFUkVKamRoRkZSMmRVT3lSV1k=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/288/60/png-transparent-bangladesh-bengali-discovery-channel-television-channel-bangla-television-blue-text-thumbnail.png" group-title="DISH TV", [089] Discovery bangla
http://?MmRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWnpaWFJsRjFOTGxuYkhabmRybDFadzFHT3ZaWFM1aFRSelIyYlhOM1k1c0NaNWtWZTFkRE9DVlhlc2xGWkhKVWNhTm5VcGxVVFZkRGN3ZEdlekVVZXVwSFo0b0haRlYzYmhkMlJyb25lMDVXUjRrRFc1VlhXeDh5Y0pSSGROWnpUMFJqYWlaRVd2Z2tWMWRsVmlOalRwTjNLR1ptYlFKMGMzSm1iR3BrVzVsVWE=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://deadline.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/disney-channel-logo-3.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [090] Disney
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJsRjFOTHBuYkhabmRybGxhdzFHT3ZaWFNvaFRSelIyYlhObloxTlRPTXRTZU5sbVdxeEdTMjlFUk9wMVVNaFdZNFVYY3hCSGM1a1VlTlJHU3FkWE15cEhhekUzWmpGWFZZRmthMDkyWlU5aVJwOW1Na1IxWjZCblJRMTBNTk5FYkdsbVMxVWxRNnBHYTNBbFpRcG1iejlFVHVoMWFKTkZkaFpVTnhsVk0=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.anbmedia.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/nick-1024x780.png" group-title="DISH TV", [091] Nick
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaGtid2sxY2haamF5NUdNMzVVUU54R013OVNPUkZGZEZWVlV3OTJiNTlHYmxSVVYxODJNd0UwTTJVRmRCbDNaTmhqWjBaVFNxcFVNbUZYZEdkVVJFUmpjeGgyYURGRFR4dENaQk5uUzFnV1VKUjFaVXRXYnAxMlQyRVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/hbo-max/images/5/5c/CartoonNetworkLogo.png" group-title="DISH TV", [092] Cartoon network
http://?cGRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWnVaWFJsUldXU1ozUVBaRVp0MUdiNUZEVDJGVmV1bEZhTFJuVk1GSFUzbG5VdzBXZDJKRk1TVm5ObkpXT1B0MGM1bFhPc3AxYlBkMGFCcEhkTGwyYXlaak56UWxkWXBtZTR3V2FzRnpadnBtZUtsbGR0RldiQ2hHTzRZM1RHWm1Wem8yZGxkell2dDBNMHAzVXhRR1RTZG5TSzFrV1Q5MmN5aDBUM0lWYjROa1k=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.favpng.com/12/24/7/logo-national-geographic-society-television-channel-png-favpng-Xe96mVV1q8adDe1BDELV7e86F.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [093] National Geography
http://?cmRrV3lFVU5ZbFhURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaFVkd2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU5kMk0zVWtTSEZXZUdGa2U1cFhkbzUyVkpGalJhMVdaMDQwVUpaMWQzTURPTkpsYzVCamFyZzFZeWduY3AxV1F6c0NkcjkwTTBCekt4eEdPcGgwWTRvWGRVbDJNd1lsZFg1VU9xVlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://centaur-wp.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/designweek/prod/content/uploads/2018/10/25115647/AnimalPlanet_Vertical_OneLineLarge_RGB-002.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [094] Animal planet
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb2QyYjVrR2RuaDBjd2sxY2haamExNUdNMzVVUU5wMk0zVWtTSEZHYkdGa2U1cFhkdDUyVkpGalJhOVdaMDQwVUpaVmUzTURPTkpsYzBCamFyZzFZeTRtY3AxV1F6c3lkcjkwTTBCekt0eEdPcGgwWTRrV2RVbDJNd1lGZFg1VU9xVlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/cc/8d/64/cc8d647809e43dc42d85ddf95bbfe967.png" group-title="DISH TV", [095] Nat geo Wild
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZaFhURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJsUldXU3gyUVBaRVp0MW1kNUZEVDJGVmV1bEZhTFJuVk1CWFRpSmxjMllUZXpOWFFGTldjNjlFZXp3V2RGUkhhSFJFWkY1VWJXUjJheHBYVXNCWGNUdGtjbVZuVFlkVU9yRlZia3BFVWpGak01ZG5SNDlpVExSWFFTUlhVMjQyYVlkVFdFOWtkeHBVTW5OM2EyZG5Vc05EVDBsVGNWaGxTNElXZHJka1Q=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/BBC%20HD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [096] Sony BBC Earth
http://?c2RrV3lFVU5ZNVdURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWnNaWFJsRjFOTGRuYkhabmRybFZldzFHT3ZaWFN0aFRSelIyYlg5R1pZbFhXSE5VYnpnbk13bG1acUIzTXRSMkxwSm5XdzBFWjA1R2JDVlVhNU1rZTNkRlpsUkZkNWduTlNWblpPRkdlVFJsTUNsbVI1VjFLM0Z6VXVoV2VLeDBTNXhHYXdOV1NqMWtjdmRIVE9Ka2EzSUhXRWQxVTFvMWRhWkZiTWRuWTZOVlM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://banner2.cleanpng.com/20180516/xzq/kisspng-tlc-life-entertainment-television-show-5afcb32836d6f2.7693994015265103762246.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [097] TLC
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5U2R6MFdaSVJIWnNaWFJscEZVb0ozYjVrR2RuaFVkd2sxY2haamF2NUdNMzVVUU5sWE12eFdPWkZtY05WalpEVjFRM2xuVnZNV09hOVdlaHhVUlhwR2FEVkRjRWxYVHV4V1dtMVVWUmxYVHJFa1dwSm5jc3BIZHZnbld4SkVVRUIxYnhoV1pYTldaeVluYXZWMlVWTldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%201%20hd.png" group-title="DISH TV", [098] Star Sports Select 1
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5eWF6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJsUldXUzEyUVBaRVp0MUdiNUZEVDJGVmVxbEZhTFJuVk1CWFQ0dHlMd2xEZHlzQ2U1UW1kMkpsWnZvWGFWMVdTbk4yTXhOSGRubFdjSHhrYXRabVlsbERVMTltZFRKRVpJTldhckkzWlhkVWV1TlhSanBVT1RwSFRQMUVPaEJUZHc5V2M0TmxldDVtWUpGRmVOUjNaM01UVHl4a2JPVkRTTEZsYjRSblo=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.dialog.lk/dialogdocroot/content/images/channel-highlights/sss-hd2-large.png" group-title="DISH TV", [099] Star Sports Select 2
http://?dWRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWnFaWFJsUldXU04zUVBaRVp0MUdiNUZEVDJGVmUwbEZhTFJuVk0xMlRobFRXUUpEY3ZNalpYeG1kdWwxYWxObmEyZG1SeVJqVkUxRWI1QUZjd0ZVY29kek1FNVVNeVpIY0NSelNLVnpjWU5qU1NkRWVwZDBiamxIVkpCSFp6Sm5STXAzYVJSMFVKUmpNeU5IV1Q5bVd3OFdaTnBWVVVwa2F2c21iUXBrV29CRGI=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.trunqd.com/uploadimages/postimages/vsuo98by.jpg" group-title="OP LIVE", [100] Sky Sports Cricket
http://?eWRrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJsUldXUzEyUVBaRVp0MVdhNUZEVDJGVmVwbEZhTFJuVk1WWFQ0dHlMd2xqYXlzQ2U1UW1kMEpsWnZvWGFWaFdTbk4yTXhObmNubFdjSHhrYXdabVlsbERVMWhuZFRKRVpJTldickkzWlhkVWV1TlhSanBVT1RaSFRQMUVPaEJEYnc5V2M0TmxlMjVtWUpGRmVOOTJaM01UVHl4VWNPVkRTTEZsYjBSblo=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/99ZKMd4mWYM.png" group-title="DISH TV", [101] BTV World
http://?PU1YZVRWak1NbEdlbXRHV29KWE54WlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2UlhZVlpXZHVkMlN6QkZSenRHZXcwV2N2bG5adnhXYzNNRmMwcG5XMXRHUnJCRFdxUkRSR2gzYkVwRmFPZG5lMm9tZHpKMmExbHpSeUlYWUZGWGFVOUdScEpFYTBGbWFYVlZadWhGYVFwVVVKRm5VTVJWY3BObGNCUjBSWTEyWnlwRVV5UWpaWDFtZTVaMFRaRlVheUlYUzJwVk0xRnpiMVF6YTZWSFNoaFdXMWxUZHlNWFQ0UXpkd1ZVTWxORFZQcFhVRGwyWXZSRGE0Z21VSUJGZG9wRlJ3RkVVQ2htUTMxMEtJbG1ha05uUlNsblV3aEVSdmNVZDNGM1Q0aGpWSGxVZDNrMlVGOVdh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.radioandmusic.com/sites/www.radioandmusic.com/files/styles/490x490/public/images/biz/2018/11/02/beats-mtv.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [102] MTV Beats
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZaFhURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWnpaWFJscEZVb04zYjVrR2RuaDBjd2sxY2haamE2NUdNMzVVUU41bU0yZFdXbzFXZHhSV1l2ZFZSNUptZHkwbVYySUhUMUJ6S0VSelpVTkdiQ2hVTTVGalRWdENWM3hHVTBFbFlVUjFaUmR6WVVaSGMwVjFSWXRXTndvR2N2eFdUeXBIZFZ4R2RFUlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/800/201910/flix-logo_2.png.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [103] &Flix
http://?cFZIVG9Kak5qdFdlUzlpTTNsamU0NVdSM0FUVHBsbmJtQnpWeGxHTll0MGNDTlZkMFpsUjB3bWE1SldNeXBsYXVGbmMxbFZiVlZsYXFSRFR3dFdPczVVUjRWR2JHSkhiczkwWTQwV2FoNVVjeEpGUjVwWFIwY2tNd1JYZTFFVVpEcG1jV1JWYXBoWFFyWkVNNUJsYktsMllRUmtOeDFXY3lCbFRTcG5VcnhHZDFRVmFWeFdjRlJGV09WSGNtZDFOMkVHT3o5VVJHOVVXTjFXZHpjRWJPOUdkcUYzUjJFSE95bGxTd1EwTWlwMlEzc2lXcVpWZU5sRGRhdEVjcmQxTHNKblZPQjNLMFZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", aaj tak uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", aapka colors usa hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", aastha bhajan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", abc
http://?PVFIZG9WRmNtRlhjdGhGTlZaemMwUkRObU5WYUU5V1phZFVUdWRqZEtaVFMxTWtNdFozTW9CWFdtaEhOS1IwYjYxMFpVbFZhWmhXUjZCVlFtcEdSTzVXUldwR2NHMVdkQjlTWXRKalI1NVdOeThVWjVrMlZ3QlZSeE1sZTFSRVNRaDJNM2RYV1ZoME0yQTNTak5qVVpabWM1NGtkaVoxY3dSWGFrRm1aTlJIZDFjbFIzb0VkVlZHYnJvVk00WlZRSkZtY1FSbmRrbDNWVlZtYlBaMmNzSjNVM0ZsUlU5Q2J0ZFhUWkIzYXdNbGNFaDJaM2xIWnU5aVFSdFVNRFozVTRWRVJSVmtiQ0pFTkJsa1oybERhd2hETnZjR1dsbGtVeVEzYlpWbmVKUjNTd3RFU1lCalc1MEdXR0IxTnVGVWF2azFhaGR6UjRKMU5OWjJOQnhXZTR4a2RQUkVkMU1WT0xOVVMwQlZWVUZUWXNkWFZPMWtWUjkwYjJaRVVIOVNXdFYwVTZKelNCUkhWcWQwZE5aMGF3RWtWTVJsVDNGRVYyRWtTQlpIUnV4VVpSaDFiVVJYYVFOSFVwWkVUMzlrYU5obWFyUUZNdFYwZEJSMEsxeG1XNGgyTkNkMFEwOG1jVXQyZHJwSGV2WWxhV0YxZDJOVU5NbDBjRmxtVmtSME5KWkdibEZsUVFCbFkxWkhkcWxIV3pGWGEwTkVaSzVXYWFobGR0ZDNTeXRtYzBKVVVORjNNdnhtVXFsbmREbDNLVWxYWnRkMWNtNVdXNXMyTDJobldMNVVlVmRYVzJFbVlySnpTNE5FYzRoR2V6a2xhSVZ6WnJwRk11ZG5VcXRFZFRka1RGaDNVbjlVZFFabWIxY0hhVEZFTzIxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", abp news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", adithya tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", al jazeera english
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", amc
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", amrita
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", and pictures hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", and tv  hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", animal planet
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ary news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianet movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianet news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianet plus malayalam
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianettv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", b4u movies uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", b4u music uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", baby tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", baby tv hindi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc earth en hd
http://?PVFIZG9WRmNtRm5jdGhGTlZaemNwUkRObU5WYUVoWFphZFVUdWREYktaVFMxTWtNelozTW9CWFdtTkhOS1IwYjYxRWFTZEVXaXQyVHVaaldLZFhPQnBHVVBwRVVGZEVhNTFVVXBkWFExZEhWckZFV3JnSGNXOWlUTU5sY3I5MlZ2UVdTNmRIU0pCSE5YaDJMSWRuVzJCbmExbDJOV3BWYnUxVWJWUkRXc1YzYTQ5aWROWkhhWkpGVlFObVY2RlVWaEJsVDVoR1NFdG1ZaGRGZXlBWGV2cDBiNVIxWlAxR2NtSjNSUEJ6Yk01RWJpOVNaWmRHY3pwVmJ4UjFUdmgzTlJwRlZYcG1lVE5XV3U5Q2M2ZGpWRTlXYzNsSE55UURTbDl5YkpSVmN2VTFacnRHVEdKM2JzOVdiUmRHY3FaVGJQVlZPU1pUY3JWRU81Z1hhR2RHUlBSWFV4a21iMUVWTU5wbGN1WjJZNUpUZG5CWGVrZDJSNkJuZDNVMGMyeG1UMVZUVFNkV042Sm5Nc2hHTVpGR2FrVkVTREozWXFOMFlvbG1NdFJIUzFoamNKcEVlbFpWVnlORGMweEdabnRDTVYxMmRrTmxTaHRFZXZrektQQlhRcXRrZFhGbVNybG5UeXhrTk9oa2Jyb1ZRNTEwWTY1MlZLOVNXNnhtWXJNMFowZFdicUZuZHJvSFZ3bG1ablJ6UnQ1V2VhcEVVcDVrYkJWblYwSjJNcHBtWTJKWGV1Rm5NSVZtY3FGbGFUdFVibDkwTXdGbFRrbGplMmNHYlJwR2M0QkRhVTltUnVaRk42VjFTM0ZET2k5V096SlZZeUYwY3JnM1NSdFVUNkp6TGxKa1R6azJkd2dUVHBoamJ1VjNjclFWTzVkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc one
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc two
http://?PWtIZG9WRmNtRjNidGhGTlZaemN3UkRObU5WYUUxV1phZFVUdWRUYktaVFMxTWtNelozTW9CWFdtVkhOS1IwYjYxa2JVZGplWkIxZHd4a05uUmpSb2xuV1I1Mkx6SkZiU1ZETU5ObmIwaDNNR2QxTVY1R1YwaDNTRlptZUpwblkxaG5hMTkwVUpOVVFOUm5RRGx6S1lKMGNUdFNhMDRVVXhaVE9zaFhUNGNXYjNjak5wRlhhTlpqYXdvR2J3UldXcmRqZU9aWE5TUmxkNUpEZExabVdzNWtZNFpXYjFNR2VJeDJjWGxEZUI5a2NLbEdkejhpZHJwV2NGQkZTUWwzU2pwMk1PcFhiNWREVUY1RVZ6VldSc2hrUW1KSGQyZEdNRHhHZVpsVlVrVldScFJVYzAxMEt5cDJTMGQyZHI5MGQ0bDJOeElYYzVsVk52a1hZdUpuYlZWRWUxYzFhRWRuYUxWM1U0WlVNd2dEUzRvbmIya1VUblpWYVhSemNydG1ONWhHZHpwRU0wc0dVdDFVVEJCRGNzWjBVbmxsWW50V2FLaFRRcmNIY05aRU52OVNicmhHTm81a1IyUlZheEptV0xkbVRCNVdkaXgwWlV4MmFXZFZkd2xXWkRoVE9NSkhSMUpqWllKRmFrUjBaeU0zTHBwVWVVVlRjbkJYYmxWbVVEaDBhWlZVU2hkRWUzVkVVaFZ6WndnMmNqbGxZdkVFY09obWJ1dG1XMVZuUlRCSE00WTNRMFlsUnN0VWRyd1dWa3BtYzVKRVdpRnpSMU5IWjJRRGRQRkVlREZYYzVKMlFzSkZVSmRUTUNWWFNVVkZTeE1YZFZ0V00xQUhkb0ZGYWFGMFF6a0didnAyYjVkMWQ2ZFRjSEozZHdsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bhakti tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bloomberg india
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bollywood premier
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt espn hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt sport 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt sport 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt sport 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", canada one
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", captain news tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", captain tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", care world
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cartoon network
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cartoon network hindi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cbs
http://?PW9IZG9WRmNtRkhjdGhGTlZaemN1UkRObU5WYUVCWFphZFVUdWREZEtaVFMxTWtNblozTW9CWFdtbEhOS1IwYjYxVWRVcFhUYVZqUXBSMVJuUjNLcTkyUXJSRE4zbzFacXRVTTVCelZ2WmxRckVtYlRSWFQzaFdienRHZDQ5VU95RUVadHBWUjNCVGMzOVdTbkZ6VjVZRWVSQlhUckJUVXZkVVZSNTJjem8yVVRwa2FzcEVhSGgxVU9CbmFxMW1lemNEZTVrSFJQaDJiYUIzYnNWR2VvaG5jMDVXYlFsRlRzMTJTMnNTVjBvR2JySkdkbTlHT3RCM2Q2ZDFURXhXTVJKRlNVRkVhWkZsZGhWRWI1VlRjbUJIVnRabmRGcEZOT1JGYTJOMFYxZ25kbmhXUk9sMUt3Vm5Namh6YVRSV2FvTlVWMU5uYnpoamNCRkRWelZIUktCVFkxZ1RiUVZUUjJRR04zaFZPemtqZURwMlJDSkZSMmsyYkxkRE9ubEVSNGRWTTZWMFQwb1dZNWxHVzFwRmNaOVVaSkptTjBaVU8wdFVPMlZIYkdsVlFzSkdlUGxIVVd4VU9zWlZhVVJGTW9KSE01QmpXWFZGYWxaRU5HOW1UeTFtTjJja2QwZ21UVmhHVGtaV2V4VXpSaXRTVndOelJ3bDJORkJuUXJnMVR5OUdkemRUTURKbGQ1OUdjNEVXVHdrV1FoQkhUWGRUYU5ORE5JWlZNd05WYjJVMlZKZG1ieVlIVFZoRWQ1ZGtXamhXUnNoWGFyZFdjTXAzUVJWVVJ2a21lbGwzY0QxVVl5aERWcHBrVktwblp2VmtWcHhrZHlVMUs1Qm5aMEYyTjVrRGRFdFdWRWRFVzNkSGFuVldaNW9YUTBOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cbs drama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cbs justice
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", channel 4
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", channel 5
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cn plus hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cnbc uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cnbc usa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cnn us
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors bangla hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors cineplex
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors gujarati
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors kannada hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors marathi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors super kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors tamil hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", court tv mystery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", d sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dave
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd bharti
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd chandana kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd national
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd news hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd punjabi
http://?PU1IZG9WRmNtRjNidGhGTlZaemN0UkRObU5WYUVGWFphZFVUdWRUZUtaVFMxTWtNdlozTW9CWFdtMUdOS1IwYjYxa2RVZFZOR0ZFU3VWa2RqcEZhNEluTks1VVVvRjBjNlYxVk9sV1l5aGpVSjFtVTRjMmNzQjNTVEZXYVdobWJQTlhkczFHY3lGMlRuZEhNUlprTnJwRWRtWlVPNnRFZDBoRWNWWjBUQlIzYTVSVFlZVjJiTFJUYW5CWGEzSjJONVFqUk9Kblk2Qm5UMDAwYzA5a1FOaDNNcTkyYzZWalJPeFdhaGxGVHdremJQWlZlR1psZXVWa2FvSjBVNXdXZFVoRlMybFVhVWRUZXZrMllyTnpUdFpuYkU5V2UyaG1hbzFrZXhoRlIxWVhRM2xUWTZoelIyUjNNblpXT0RwVmNNVlRiRTFrWXJoa1dIRmxhUngyS1p4VVlpUjFkUWREVlN4RVQyOVNWclVYV1ZSWFRuRkhkV1IyWlloV09RZFZkenBtVXg1RWN6dDJWbWx6VHJrVGRuWjNhQlpsYnNKbmM1RURhb2xuYkI1bVJ5NW1ic0pEVW45aVZ4SkZXRnBsV1lGWFEyUTJaM3MyYTRnbWJ3MFdUbkowYlE5bWFhcFdkUkpIWk1GSGJHUlZkVmRuYnZGR01XMVVRbHhXU3c0MFFyc2licUZrZG5KVVR3OWliR2RsV3N0R2RPaDJMWTkyZFRkR1dEQlhWcjlFVzBCVlYxUjNNUUYyUjNOMGRQNVVNQmRuVzRoMWIyVVRSRk4zS0RoR1RrQkRheFVHU1ExR1YzeG1WRlZuUkRKM015VjFhNHRFZXZja050aHpNNk5WVzFWRWN5Qm5iTkoxUnJJM2FHMVVjRloxS3NSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", desi music punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", discovery hindi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", discovery kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", discoverychannel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", disney international hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", disney junior
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", disney xd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", drama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dunya news pk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", eden
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", epic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", etv telgu hd
http://?PWtHZG9WRmNtRm5hdGhGTlZaemMwUkRObU5WYUVSWFphZFVUdWR6Y0taVFMxTWtNMlozTW9CWFdtRkhOS1IwYjYxa2JUWjJMd1ZIYnVkRWNwSmtiUGxYWTZSV052ZDFiemhGY0xKbmQwRlZWaXhtZW4xV1d2bG1ONHNFY0lKMVJxRjNidzlTUTZOblp3TjNSRFZYVzBvbWEzd2tRVFJtYnlaWGNzcGxZS2xuUWlSVVV0QmpkMU16WVBOM1F5aGpjaE5ETXNablE2TldUMWxqYXYwVVFTTmxSMjlFUzNrRVNwSm5NU2REVHlVMGNrRkViVWxVTnpaRU1FbFdaaXBHU1poMFRPbFVlaVoyS1FwVk56Sm5Vc3gyYXBSSFc0Rm5NMGdqYTBSMUxOTldkd0ZqVkZaVVV5MDJWdmtHV3FkbWVscG1lcWhtZW9kMFM0Z2tVNmRYY3BoSFppOUVld1JEU3hnM1l1UmxOSHBHV3A1V01hNUdaREozYTZSWFJ0MVVTblJYV09KSGRJaG5jVlZVYXROM2NPQjNjd1lqVXdoWFRrUmtaMVVuUXNCSGEySTNhRk5EVHlWbk12eFVlckozVVU1R2V3NG1hRWRtYnRCVE93d0VTb0J6UjVVbWFyQTNNc0pWVnAxRWJMeDBSdUZEVDFkVFR6TXpTMjlXU1M5V2RrbG1hR2hFT1FSMVN4SjJTRHBFTVQ1MlE2MTBSWUpGZFJaR00xOVVTMWRVTzI4a1JDTlhaemNVVmpWR2Eya0dSbnBsUjVoWFZRbG1aNnBtVE5kRE9GdEdjMmRUTlRwME01TmtWRUpUT1U5V015a1RNQmgzZFhkSFdLTldVMkpuY3c4VU82aEhjNmRuUVpKemFCWnpRNkJEY3RGVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", euro news uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", film 4
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", flowerstv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", food food
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", food network
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", fox news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", fx
http://?PUlIZG9WRmNtRkhhdGhGTlZaemMwUkRObU5WYUVkWFphZFVUdWR6WktaVFMxTWtNNVozTW9CWFdtNUdOS1IwYjYxRWJVTjFiczEyU25oRmJLUkhhM0FYVXhNVmF6Y1dhbkprYllaRFdwSm5VME1IVFJKblZpUkRiRXhFZUVaelJ1SjJaNWRtWlFabllyc0dkYUIzVXRwM2RqUmpZWmQwTTFSelZ5dzBZRGhYZE9oVE00TkZhUkoxUXlCRlZ1MW1UM0JsYU5oV1FyRm5ZMXdHY0psbllTWldldFIzVUpKVmJKbFdSMHN5YXdkMGFqeEdjSGhUTnJsWFZDUjFLV2RIU3paV09ZcDNid0psZUR0VVIyVlZhVGRWYlAxR1drRkVScGREYllsRlRXbERNc1ZtTnZwbk1SZG5OcTFHU1VaMFp2MTJMMkpIZTZsMlNJMUVkNU5YUnNkVE9wcGtlRUJYVW14V2E1RkRTeXcyVXJsbk15VVdhWmQyYVVWbU1yWlVOb04yVkp4RVJWZDJhcFJWUW5oSGV1Vm1SVTEwTm5kVWJ4TjNUem9ITzRFbGE0QUZla1ZHTktGM1M0Tm5TVjlXZUJoM1RQcEdkMmttZGxCbE52bGpkNlZqTU1oblMzeFdRcFpVUm1oRWEybFZVNVF6TXM1RVZ2SWpNSUpuUTBWVU9wUnpaNEEzVHBSbFJvcDBkeE4zYWxWM1NFTlRTSGRHZHlNV1Q0RVRkcWhWT2k5VVJsSlhhM1IzZHZObWRKZFVOT0ZuUm5KVmM1QVZUeFZYVHRKVFN0RjJiQlIwVE5wMVEzRkVSMmdYTlJwR1d5OG1XdDUyYkJ0bWR4WlZWM05HUk41MlRpQlhSbkp6Wko5MmFFRkVWMVJuYW45V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", fxx
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini comedy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini music hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini tv  hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", geo
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", geo news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", geo super
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarat | india news gujarat
http://?PWNIZG9WRmNtRlhjdGhGTlZaemN3UkRObU5WYUVoV1phZFVUdWRqY0taVFMxTWtNMlozTW9CWFdtQkhOS1IwYjYxVWNVNVVVTkIzVG5GMVVNaGtidGxYZXJObFRYVkhiekkxYnFkVU50QmxTeHcyY24xbVZyTjFiUTUwYzVFVFoxTVVPNXAyVlQ1VVdwWjNjcUZHVk9wWGVvOW1WMnhHVDZwMFE0QVhTYUJuUUk5U2QwY25iTHBrVXhsME1yRlhOckVqWjFvSFp5UjBOSkZHY1JkbE5PZEdaNU5tTnAxVVZ3eEdNaU4xYU9kVWE0Z1hXb05uWTA1MFZXSmpkNWNHT3NsME01UkdidGwzYWxGelo2SkdjWDlpZXVkM2IzZ1ZVMTUyYkxSV1oxa0VNbkpVUVJobGRoaDNieEZUZHZsamJ2UmxSdm9IVXVCRGQ1Wm5TMUFYV2E5MFRuQjFhaFJIU3ZjRE01dHlUelJWUTZCSGJOMW1SalIyWlNsbFZ0aFVVcmxuUzBOMVRrVjNMR1JXVllWbWRyUjJOeDgwWm5aRVVUbDNRbjlXUzZsamV3VkViak5FVVRaa2J5SlVPck0wU25WWFdhNTBRTFJtZDFSa2IyWm5RM3RXVUtkalNVaFhZVkoxYkRKamV6Rm1VTEYwU3ZCSE5PVmtXR1ozZDNKVllhZG5jaWxrU2haelExQlZXMm9VTTM0MlN0VjNTNGdXZVpSelVWWjFVdkpYYnR0U056QjNMTmRWVnRwa2JRRlZacjBHVDFwa01MTlZSTEJuYjFsVFNzVkdlcjhrUnhOVE4yWlZXdGREUnJwbU1ZUkVkTGRWYUdsVFZ5SmxkNHR5WUc5eVRtQjNjRU5GVFVoRmRKbEVVNXhXVzR0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | gstv news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | mantavya news
http://?PWNHZG9WRmNtRm5hdGhGTlZaemNvUkRObU5WYUVwV1phZFVUdWRqYUtaVFMxTWtNclozTW9CWFdtRkhOS1IwYjYxRWVSRkVkdWh6UnpoRGV4a2tRb2QzTDBkVlU0aDJkb1ZtTkVOSE40cFZSeE4wVHc0R01KUkVkWlJqY3JGMFR6WkdTNTFVYjRKRGJvOW1OakpGUjJZRGJHcGtXU04wTnpKbU4wUlhkMnBIUnlva1Z1cG5icWhuTm5wR1V4Wm1WRUIzTEVwbVV2VVZUbmhIZVdwRWF4MTBhcGgyZFh0MlZpcEdlMjAyVjVVbWNadEVacDlDZXlSRGVSQkRPNEFuYk9wa1NUVkVjMWRqVm85RU13WlRWcm8xWXlSM1F4OWlWaE5YZXdFblkySVRXeEpUUVkxV01MaEdlUFZ6UTFsa2RUMW1XeHRHVzR0U1NUWm1TdnBHYVVSVGIwOTBjRVprTkd0aVF4bDJWNFVqZTFablNFbGxUdmxWZDM4VVRxdGtjd3BuY1kxR1ducG1VM1JXVjFJbGNSVjNVVnhHYzNGM2NEVmxXdWxtVHhoRFpQTmxheHBYVENoVFlvUnpZcmxFVXJsSFpQcG1jaFpEYXFaV1RzaHpTbjlDVXlCVlN3RVhacllYWk50RWU2RmxNVFpYYXVWRFdudEdlRXRtVHNWRFd0UjJhRTlpU05SV1l1Rm1UMU1tUXg5R1N2a1ZicVozYzZCRE5pVm5ZMmxETVU5RVZRbFhXbmxsTVpoRmVtQjFTWTEyVjRSemFFSjFWaWgzYTZCMUt1Vm1kSk4xZE5wMFMwSlZjMU0xVDRsV1RsOVNPRFJqYTVjM1NCbDNNdU4xS3ZWVVM1Y0hWaHRVV0hSemMybHpScmxUYTNkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | sandesh news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | vtv news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hbo east
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hgtv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", home
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hum tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hungama kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", india news punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", itv 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", itv 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", jaya
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", jaya max
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", k tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", kairali news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", kalaignar tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", kannada | dighvijay news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa movies hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa tv server-2 fhd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", malayalam | manorama news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mathrubunmi news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mazhavil manorama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mh1 punjabi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mtv beats
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mtv india
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nat geo channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nat geo wild
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", national geographic hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ndtv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ndtv good times
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", news 18 rajasthan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", news 7 tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", newsmax hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nick jr
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nick plus hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nickelodeon
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", pitaara punjabi tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", pogo kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", polimer tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", prime asia punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc chakde
http://?PVFIZG9WRmNtRjNadGhGTlZaemMxUkRObU5WYUVKWFphZFVUdWRUZEtaVFMxTWtNcVozTW9CWFdtcEhOS1IwYjYxa2RVUjFLeWxrUzFKME0yY0VWWHRtWnVoalVwZFZjbUZIYTNrSE4zcFhjWE5tYTVsM1l3RjNOMGxtZW9kbWMxRTBjekpYWjBObmMwaG1lMHhXTWFOamFORjFRMVlrTXM5a1FSTldad1JIYzVvR1o1NTJaUmxVYjIwVVFuUkhkTlp6VTNNblVCZG1jUEZYZXU5a04ycFhid3AyWUpwblZxSlhWeHhXVlNkamNXUlVUVTFHY3FsalRpQjFWS05YVUtwMVQyb1dhalZEVE9KM05vbEVjTDEyVDVBblJURjNhQ05UZURGR093QURSb1pVU2p4RWVhZG1OMVpWWldWRGFYZFdTblpUYjJSalQzWm5SSEpuVzBFalQ0UUdibmxXU3NKVk0wRkRPV2x6VnRGblc0QUhhTWwzZEpWMU5QUnpVeGhqUTVZRVRJcG5RS0ZUVXBSVGV4RWxUcXBHY3RKV09ucFZNenBHVlU5V2JUZHpkTjlXWXlZa2F0Rm5aNXdVUW05V1p4MFVhbzlrYXd4R1pOQmxRczVHU1V4R2N6SlhaUnBVVjJGM2MwbEhhdnAyYzZGMWFyRW1RTjVtVnhwR1dPbGxkbVJuYUVoblpzOW1RbzlTZDRnbVZCaEdXNEpXYXZjRlZXUkVlMU5HYnVsbFc2UkhadDlrYzV0V2J1aEhSVUZrWnBwRVZrOUNSdFJuUXZaR2F0UkhkV0IxVnkwRVoxOVVXTUIxVHdzV01vSjBLcXAyZE81VU5LRm5WcmR6Wm1wRU5SUm5SWEpIVmxsamFWbFdONHRtTjN0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc punjabi gold.
http://?PWdIZG9WRmNtRm5jdGhGTlZaemNxUkRObU5WYUVWWFphZFVUdWREZEtaVFMxTWtNMlozTW9CWFdtbEdOS1IwYjYxa2VSeEdVencwVTRka2RqNUdPMnAzTjJGVVU2Tm5lSHBuV3JGVE16aEZTeDhtYUJsMmF2Y2xVQ1JsZVc1RVR3ODJRd1IzUm1sbGFscEdPblZuUkVOMmFXQnphUFZUUXRwa1R2Y2pkMHBuZDZGMlZvbFdiaVpUZHNoVk53SkhXSkpEVExkV1VDdEViWGxqZDBKSE9LcFhjek5UYVJoWE12MVdUc1JtZVB4MGRsOXlSV3hFU3g5MlYwZEhlTFZuYmlkSFZORkhjbUZqVkVkMUx2WkRaWE4wVTVkWGJKeGtOeEpqYWlGemRvSldPdXBGWnNWVk55TVhZRkpUWTRrV2R5OWlUdVIwU254a05GUm1RMTVXWTNnelp5MTJkNGgyVTBWa2IxTm5ZMmRGVHlFWGR0UkRiUk5sZXdOVFVvZEVPcEZUVFdaWE1LbG1jMU5WYm9aRWF2Rldadk4zYnpsVWNTTm1laHBITnA5a2FJZG5iSXhHTklKRFRzSlhXRFJWWjNwMlNLWlROelkxYnh3a1JhQkZNNjlVVjNoRmNsTlhhbWREVTBJRWVvRlhaVHBWZXp4RWVISm1RNFpuYUpCemRSTm1lVXhrVlBGRE0xWkZWMkJGY25SblE2SkhTdXRVY3JOVWNEaEdadlpFYXd0MGEyRlhRWXBYT0hGVGRvUldieWMyS3pGRlZqZFhlSlozYzZsa1NXSmpicEJ6WmhoSE1ubDJVeWhIUkMxMlRhZEZXMUYwWndnMk1NRmpkdnQyYjROamF6d0dSenNVWURkbGRoSkRXd0VsYjVkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptv sports
http://?PXdHZG9WRmNtRm5kdGhGTlZaemMyUkRObU5WYUVSWFphZFVUdWREYUtaVFMxTWtNeFozTW9CWFdtbEhOS1IwYjYxRWRSVmpZNFVITXdOM1l4VURPWDlXWWh0bVF5VkVhb2QxYnBGMkszVlZVRXBXVWhwbVVxQmpXV2xuY1ZwbVo1UUZWdkZYZGhoVk1DeDJOYXBsTXVkMWN1cFdSb0ZVVjQ5aVlxWmxVWHRHYURsR1R3bGpjanBFT3RSVFpvSkZielkwVDFaSE9UWkVPdk1IYnljbmQxRVdhMmxsU0IxV01PZG1Oa0pXZXZGMWFtVnpLV2xUTW9wSFIwdGthakozUzR3RU1uWjFjNnBuTkhka1YyVm5NaUYwTExGM0sySUVNdDVFY05CVldhTmtTc1ZXYUl0U2V0RjNZVUoyS3hVSGJ1VnpOelVUV3JKVVVYdFdTMGgyZENGMmFweDJkMjhpZDVKVFZzTkRSTVZ6WTZ4V04wc0dTdGgwYTNsSFR5UlhUdEJ6ZFFoMEx2dDJOSkJEYjJFbGFScEZkM0JEUnFsa1F3MFdXM0VYYlZoMFZWRjFhclIyTjBOVWNxcGtRNTlpUVN0R091VjBTeVFFZWtCM2F5aHpTc0JUYXhBRFJqaG1RRWxUZXdnVWF4MUVNVlJqTW9oVVIzRlRhS3AyY1dOVFFDRjBacUZHTk9WVlcwZGpVU3hHUnhwWE40ZG5lWGRIZU1CMVNQRlZWNVJsV1BkalJJZDJTdGRIUlVGVGFLdGlONG8wTXZkV1J6SWpkanRXZERaRU1qcG5jdkFuYmxaVmF5aG5TNDlTTTRvM05COVVOc1pqY29sSFp0bEhXdzltVEd4VU9QcEhkelprU2xGbWEzY1dPbFJGTjFsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", puthiya thalaimurai
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj music kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news malayalam
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", republic tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", rishtey uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", romedy now hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", saam tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sanskar
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", satsang tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", set max
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sirippoli
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema action
http://?PUlIZG9WRmNtRkhidGhGTlZaemMxUkRObU5WYUVkWFphZFVUdWREYktaVFMxTWtNNFozTW9CWFdtVkhOS1IwYjYxVWFSZGxZeDVFZXgxMmQ2WlZSMzVXUzFZR1RPbDFiTDVrYnp0Q1ZxZFRjTWRtYUpwMlJ3eDJiQlJtZGtwblNVTnpiblZrVnVwRldCdEdUMFZYYUxKM1pKcGxONjkwS3doSFMzUWtZUWRYZVNSalF0VjJiNUExYlB4a053aGxVVDVFY3QxR1NaZGxkTHQwYjNvbFoxY1RZbzlrZVBKVGRwbEdWeWdWTjBkM2JpVlVRT0pFV3ZKSE5rcDFVbGRYZTJwbk00UW1heklsZGF0MEt6NVVkMFIxYVlsMllzZGxjeFZUYXZNVVZQZEhjdHBYV0daVlpWVm5kTEpuVG1abmVySmtXTHAwYnZkalNQSmtVQkpYV05WVGNreG1idkJUWllKemRzZDNaS2RXUTJZWE5ya1dlUmxuZXh0Q1ZoaFdac1puWWxaWGJyd1dkNUp6Y09sSGFGMVVaejFtUjJSMmIycDFLYTVtY25kRlNYVldlNWgyZDNWM1ZzOTJUS05XTW1oM1l6VldhdWgwYTRjSGF3UTNLM2hXYzNjbVEza0hlR2xsVDZSbWRMbFVUT3RDZW5ObmJqaEZSMGxHVEN0VVR2VURjQkIxTE5WRWUxZEZORmQwVVZoWE1NNW1Ub0ZHY0x0bWEzVkZVNVJsVHdKWGNtbG5Xb2hWVXVsRGRHSlZZeFkwTHB0MmRIbGtaRFozUUlSMFR3OHliUjlXTUpGM2N0OW1SMWNrYTE1V2RpQkZXNUIzZHV0a2JzSm1UcHhXTnloMktoeG1jT0ZtZHdoVmRwaEhPNUVVZHlWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema drama hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema family hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema hits hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema premier hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema sci-fi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema select
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema thriller hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky news
http://?PW9HZG9WRmNtRkhhdGhGTlZaemM1UkRObU5WYUVkWFphZFVUdWRqYktaVFMxTWtNcVozTW9CWFdtQkhOS1IwYjYxRWVVNWtjTlJuVXhkMlk1czJNNWtHZFdselpWOVdhMVlqVHcxMk01aGxSaFoxTkpWWGFydFNSeUZYYTZoVE55OUdjcUoxUlhkVlpFcEhNTXAwTkpoSGVTcG1SeWd6YnFKbFN5MTBjcWxIU2FoV1N5VURkeGNEVUdoRVY1WkdVQ0pWUktsMlEzVlRjNEkzYTNNMVVqcFhaMk5sZU5wSFZHVjNaeFJHU0toMmF5a2xhMFEyYW5oRlRWSlVNMjltUzNFbmF4UkVhV05qZHBWVk9xSm5keTlDYU9wbVlSUkVTSnBGZDVWM011RkdNckp6TGpkemExZG1Ud3dFYU5CemEyUjNZbGRWU3NKbWNvRjBNRU5YUnc5bVdWbFVjakpWUzB3VVZvUlhXdzBHYVVsM011ZEVaSVZrZHJ3a2JFWkVldHBHWlpoa056SlhWMGQwYk81MGN5aFhjVVZrYzVaWFc1QkZTWHBXVE1wMVFOZERlMlVGWldkRWMyZFVUeE0zZHhsSE01TWpVdEpHYXlwV01WbG5VclZEVURWVVRGUm5TQnRFTlV4V2NNTlVTUmhuVnlCRE0xQWxVTUJIWm9ORE5EbEZleG9YZVhsa1QyZFRNTVJIZWtsWFJCbFdXNWdtZTZCWE9yRmxNeGhrUTE0a1l6cEhjellGTkpSRWFGOUNkQmRqWjZSR1N0VlRWRnRXWjNjVllHTkVicklET3hnekx6TlhadlVEYkZKSE40cGxZMlprYjRjMmJQTm1UMXBWVjV0R01GcEdidEJWYjBjRGRKUm1TUFpHVHJOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports cricket
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports f1 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports main event
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports premier league
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony entertainment
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony entertainment hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony marathi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony max hd
http://?PUFIZG9WRmNtRjNidGhGTlZaemN5UkRObU5WYUU1V1phZFVUdWRUY0taVFMxTWtNMFozTW9CWFdtcEdOS1IwYjYxRWVSRjFVVVJGWnlSVVF4VjFaU2xuZFJoMFZYUm1kcUJsZXpZMVR6dFNXMnNTUnRGWFdCRkVOR1ZFZDNFV2NURmxXdVJFTnhZWE5hbG5ZRUJsZXlaWGNISm1ORkpGY3M1R01wMTJZbHBHTmtwMUtDcDBhRkJIVm94R05yaGtSaFZrUkVWWFFDMTBMR1ozZFRGbk41VmplMEozU3k4V2JWZG1UNVFIUzBrMmNvVjNNNjlDTzVOalo0Z0ViTFozYmhSMVpXMVVjclYyYk5GVE9vUlVjeFoxY3VGM2Q1UW5ZbkJsZHJCWFQza1hac2hIZU5sRGUxSW5UeHNFZXZkbGN5RjJONWhtVnpKMGJ5SVRUcGxuVVlWVFNybG1iNUlVTnpVSGNxRkdWeUExTGFOM1lxQlZZdE5tZVpOMGRNUjJLejlTY25SV1VGZG1jUlZYWkpGbGF3aFdTM1lWWXpsMVl2azNRRkZIY2hwbVF3NDJkYTlVYkpaWFRycFZaS2wwY1J4V1RXbEdTTnBsZXFkM1RvTlRkdE5qZFNGa1RwNVdkbGRVU0JsamM0RldPQ2RuWnBSMVVKRkRXQmxtVllaa1MxVjBkbWhqZXRoSGF2NVdZUEZHTlgxbVFENVdlcUprYkhOV2N4aDNkeWxEYjVWVlU0bEhXVkIzWjFzMGF5RjFUWkoyYjROVlV0cFZaU1ZYY090Q2J3Vm1haVZIYUxGR1N2aFhUVjFtUlBGbk5JOVdOWGRrYUdsWFVZRlZkd2QzYnZWRGJscFhlcEZqWnFKemNDUkhWa05qTm5OWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sonypix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sonysix hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star bharat uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star gold uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star jalsha in hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star jalsha movies hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star plus hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star plus uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star pravah hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports 1 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports 1 hindi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports 2 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports select 1 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports select 2 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star vijay hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star world hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", starz encore
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun life
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", surya movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", suvarna news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", suvarna tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | history
http://?PTBHZG9WRmNtRlhldGhGTlZaemN5UkRObU5WYUVKWFphZFVUdWRUY0taVFMxTWtNc1ozTW9CWFdtcEhOS1IwYjYxMFpUTnpUbEZYWnBSVlo2aHpOQjlHWllGR1pzNWtjTmhVTTVVR00yTlVhTkpYZXh4MmQ0OFVack4xZGtSMU5uTkViMGhrTkpsMVQ0cEhTNWcyU0VOM2RYOVVZUWR6UXZCbFZrWkhiRGRtYTBkblExVkhjWU5HY3JabVRyWnpWQmRETnhCWFlsaDJiaFJrYTJJMU0wa1dXd0ZEVm9sWGV3Qm5VWEJ6THZGRGVQMWtZVWxEWjBGbWVhTldZNGMyVDNjVFRXcDNjcFoxWlhobU51OWljamhHVmpGbmJyWkdUMzBXZHhGblZocFZlMXBIZFVaVVcwSW5jWk5FU3cwV2JYbERkSVIzZHNoMlppUlZTek5uVHdrMFk2ZEVjcm9rTTVOV2U1bFRPeUVrVTJkSFRvbDBkYU4wY3JOamFWVlhTM2R6VVFsRE5JUlhTeElXZHVkMWR5VURPS0JuZHhCemJhVkZjU3BIVkJkVGFXQjNjb2RrTUpWMmIxcG1Vb2xEYldaM1ZhVkdlSGgwWkdKM1E1MVdiblJXVEpKMlRFdEdib3R5ZEJSamRtUkVhb1JrTXlabE5CaEVScmQyTGlkblNpcEZjYXBVWndGMkt0TkZSdWwzYjJZSFRHWkhWcHRHYjRnSGFvaEdhMXQyWlhSVlJQaEhUeU1tZHJnRmRXUjJWM2dsUnNSbVJzQmpVUk5IVXI1MEtFeGtjTWxsUTVaVk5udGtjNEVEWnZBM2N5TlRWd0UyYUdSM2FUbFdRek4zYTNNbmNQeFdUTFZIYW9wRWREbERORk5rVjBWVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | news 18 tamil nadu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | sony bbc earth hd
http://?PUFIZG9WRmNtRjNadGhGTlZaemN0UkRObU5WYUVWWFphZFVUdWREZEtaVFMxTWtNMFozTW9CWFdteEdOS1IwYjYxRWNVVldSeDRFVHdGelpyQjFOWTFtWXdRamR5Y1RkVUZsVzY1V000cEdlNHBXZUxkMksyRm5hQ05WYnJVbFZLQlZUdk4yVDRWamVzSjNhbVJWU3FaVGNya1VWc1ZXVTZGMlNLUmpXSWxXVDRkV01uQnpjNkJGVDRGalFwVlRUSkJGTUZoMlVybERkYUpFZHRsamVvVmthb2xtTm5sSGR6NDJkcnNtWlZSMWRXaHpOMWRIZHlobmU2ZGthNFUzY1dkbWI2MWthSEZsYW9aV1lzbDBMNTkwYzNSSGU0WjBMMnMyYkxsVlVNZGtjcjUwS1lSVmRuMVdkb1ZrUklGbmRpOTBkNXhFWnJaVllCaERlSTltYlBaRWRDSkVkd0JuU1RWemRyZG1hakptZWE5V08xNDJONGtIZXdsSGRCVkRkdngyUUtaMU1WVkhVTUZIVzM5VWVXRkZUcFJrY3ZaMVY0bDFVQlozS3JVSFRXcDFhVDkyUjI1bWJ2TkVjeWdWY0l0V1E0a2pWVUJuZTRZRk9FNUdhb2xsZWxSbGRtUlhTTkZETVAxR2RWUmpVWUp6VTFKblFyVkhVSmwyWnlRVmJMUm1jVzkyYXVKMVU0NUdaQ3RDVFcxMlROZGpjcmdFYzBKR1RzaDJjMHBHZUloMVJqdDJhRjUyWTFSa2V0Wm1WazUyYW5sM1VaSkdNMzlXYzVZVmJ3QlZhNVZqYjJkV2N6UldVM2dIU2xoR1V2aDBTeUlFYTVsMFJCUkZObkYyVFF4R2FWbDJNbkpFU1M1RWM0TlVjMFFUVm5WVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", telugu | tv5 news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ten sports 1 hd
http://?PXNHZG9WRmNtRlhldGhGTlZaemN1UkRObU5WYUVwWFphZFVUdWRUZUtaVFMxTWtNblozTW9CWFdtaEhOS1IwYjYxRWVVMUVOR3RpZDVaRFVLcDJVd1FYVmFoemQwVkZlVmxuVHc4U1IxbDFZQ3BsWjFwR2RVQmphUFZFZXdGR051VkdPMDlpVjJRM0s1dFdackZHYjFjbGNXQlROeEJqZTVwMllJSkZVWmRHV2xkRVU0a0hkSFZ6VWlSRVV1SlZSR3BYTVUxMk1pUldRelVrZTVFSFVYbGtSNk4zS0NOelRLeEdNbGhVU1RSVWJ6WkhjMWNuTndoVVN4dENVQmQyVjJVRmFaTmtkMkYzTU9sSFV3QmpUa05XYmtkWGNFSkhkeDBFZUoxRWMyNFdUcnhVWm5OM1JyOUdOMWNIZW5sRWQ0OUVPVGgwTDVOMWR1cFZVNTFtVXJSRFprSmtldnRHVVVKSGExZFhkeGcwVHo4V1pVZDBheHAzY1FsMlYxUlhhb1owYjBaMlo2SlhUeFVHV0M1MGRraDNkRmwwY3RWV1UwZDNTWFJYVHo0VWJ1dEdja2RUTkI1VVlvbFhXMUlHYXR4MlZ4cEVXWkoyZDNjRWJ3QWpVNHhHU0JKM1lyRW5NcUYxVXpRVGJCbFVXTHRHZHdsbmVGQm5ONkZYZUJsalNZMVdlVDlDVUsxR2N6WmtUUUJGYU9sblFEZDBhWnRDY2FaMWJrNTBMM05XVm5GMFZxbG1NbkZWWURoRWNDaFRTMjRHTXZKWFpRZEdOUVIzYTFJbVNHRmxhWlowWnhSMWJxOVNkS2xtUkRsbVQxUWxNdHBsYmlKWFREMUdjMXQwYTRCelZtQkhWSjlDZVJCamRYbEdScFpIYjNkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ten sports 2 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ten sports 3 hd
http://?PWtIZG9WRmNtRkhldGhGTlZaemNxUkRObU5WYUU1V1phZFVUdWR6WktaVFMxTWtNcFozTW9CWFdtSkhOS1IwYjYxMFpVWkdkcDlTTXZCRlo0OUNSd3BXV3dCVGNTSjNkYXBFTmlkSE16RkRPUVIyTFhwWGJvTmpjUU4xYXJjMFkwQWpWb1ZrTXZGektTcG5ieEpUTnFaR2JzTjBkeU5UV3BwSFdHZGpjUGQyVjBsM2M1STJkTGQyTHVoRWU1ZDJjVzlrUXlnM2RoVlZXVlYxZHZ4ME5FcG1ldnR5VTNsVU96WkhiQzFtVm10V2FpUm5ZTjEyZHQxMFJoRkRadmduTkhOSFc1Y0RhMm9uTjBWbllvWkZOVUJUUWpCSE53Y21lWUpUYmlaa01hSlRTMXQyU2laMlR3Wm5lM2QzYWxSa2NyRkRWMGRVWW9CM0tEcG5iNDQyWnJnbVJSWjBaaEJuTXdVV1VuQnpiTzkyYnExR09acFhiU3BXYXVSMVVxRjFLMlpETW54ME1xcG1WdjBrYklka2F3MVVZUlJuU3hoM1Q0WVVVTzlHZWtSVFdXbGtkendtTnlzaVE1dFdidGhrZXlJWGNDaEhlNFYyY0ZGM0wzcDNMMEZqYmtOa2MxNEdickFYV3BSVWVZRjNjTmgzVTJ0V1lEbFdlcGgzVElWalZaVlRkdUp6VndKSGF4Wm1TWVJtZXZKWFpKWnpLeklVZDRBVlp6SlhjcXBVTXpjRU9MMW1jNHNVZHpramRNUkViUnQyWnNOWFFHSmtUNVlIT2FKVlN2VTNkbEpUYndjMU5wOUVlTGRGZUhOSGN6OTBaT1ZGYkdkbE1veFdSNFJrTUJGWFlxaG1ZaUJITXh3MGNwZGthTGhGZXBkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", times now
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", toronto 360 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", travel xp tamil hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", travelxp en hd
http://?PU1IZG9WRmNtRjNjdGhGTlZaemN4UkRObU5WYUVaWFphZFVUdWR6YktaVFMxTWtNblozTW9CWFdtbEdOS1IwYjYxRWVVWmtNTVIxYTFGa1lWMTBLV2RYVTZORWNzdEVlc0JWWVloVFF5VlZiNUJGTU5oR00zSldPajUwY3JoMkt3WW1NMUpHZGFORk81d0dVWVZuUXpRamI0SjNVM1VtV3JWRVM0ZEVjSmhuVjFabGR2a3pjeWNYWTZaV1oxVnphaHAwTnZ3V1RoaEdUeVVWY1RaM1FPQlRPdWwyZG85bVFDRlhZb2xETnp0VWRqSjJWckJEVjZKRGRVaG1lNHBuZDJnelNWMVVkWTkyY3pJalV3OTJMVmxsWnY5bVFqSlZNMklXYzJoVVRtRjBZczlXVzF4V2VpcDNSUVpXZW9KR2V3VkdTSVJtUnF0V1NHeDBhTmxuYXBwMGJqWlVjNHNrVHdnWFZ4VkhjclZuYWhaWGVuWjNMNGMzZFNsVlF2d2tRclpVYUdKVVNXNVdVcjlTVEpkWGFoUlhkeVFWTzBKa1JLdHlhamxIVFI5bU55QVRhdTkwVXhJM1MzcGtXT3AyTFJsblo2VmpNNHBuY3hjVE5GRkdWdHRpY2pwMEtDaFhNMVJXZUpGVmM2VlVWNEZrTXNSbWJIaDJhbmhtZDRRMVZWZEZlQnhrVWx0eU4xQkhVSXRHU1lSSFRyTXpNMWszYm5KMlF3OFNjNEpUTVFWWFlqcFhWdlFXWkhsbGNyUW5hc2gzVXJCamVrQkZTSmhIY0s5RVZORkdiT0ZtV1hSVGNzVkZTWUpsVlZGM1lYcDFkMFUyYzBNbWI1b21acFp6YUdkMGNWOVdjMjAwUno1MGNUSlRZaTFtVzBSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ttn tamil hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tv9 kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tv9 telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", udaya movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", udaya tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", uk sab tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", utv movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", v6 news telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", vh1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", vijay super
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", vissa tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", wetv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", win news tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee bangla cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee bangla hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee business
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee cafe hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee cinema hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee cinema uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee kannada in
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee marathi in hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee talkies hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee tv in hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee tv uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zing
http://?PW9HZG9WRmNtRlhkdGhGTlZaemN6UkRObU5WYUUxV1phZFVUdWRUZUtaVFMxTWtNdVozTW9CWFdtbEdOS1IwYjYxa2FVZDFTdnhtY3NOMlV6SmxVdlIzWmpOVU9WOTBiTEJYZElGV1VySm1Xb1ZEVXc4V2J3RWpWV3RXYkl0V05tbG5hc0oxYkYxRWNaaDNjWk5tVDZsbWFxVlRONDAwUzNsWGFDVkRWM2RHUnd4V1VwZDNjNEpWZHdNWFVuUm1NTmgyVnJNblFTRnpaczVFZUpOR010RkVPc1puZHh3VVV2RjNUc0pHY2hwVWJaVmxSdlEwY3RkMWM0UVZZWmRIVlc1RWIwb2xhRXRVTVhoalc0Wm1NeFJsVHZRM1p4ODBMVVJtZDM5VWEwRlRkdWxWWXNaWGR3TW5TMU5VY0J4VWNvVnpUbmxVTXpWWFdSRlhlRkozWkZoMGMzY1dhWWhGY1J4MmI1dDJkRWwwZHZ0R2FsTlVSTHRrYXZZbE1QZEZOeGRWVVZsM1JKTkhPcFJIWjVaWGI0WVdiSGhIYng1MEx2aDFad0FYWXVWMmEzcGxhMk1uVjVVbWFuUkRkcGhEYjR3V01uTkdheEFWYW9OV1ZJSm1RbzVVYTNZRlVSTkhaNGwxS3pkbGUxeFVObEZITW5aVWRDZDJaUmwyTXlNbVFUZFRlMVowY2w5Q040bFRScjRXUUJGSGJEZEZlM2hGZTA4V2MyazFWbmwwWkxSVFM1Z1dWelZYYTJsbWF6QlhXVHBIV3hoMWNGbDBTUjFHVmpoMmJLeFdlNUVGYTRnRVV1Um1ibWhUUkpKM1UyUVVSYWxEZGtoMWN0ZDJRdVJWZTZWemRDTjNVV0pqY205U2J4OUVTRloxTnJoVFA=
